133,"Both China and Japan have surpassed us, with Japanese cars now getting an average of 45 miles to the gallon.
 If we increase fuel efficiency standards to 40, 45 miles a gallon, we would have to import zero oil from the Middle East.
 If African-Americans vote their percentage of the population in 2008, ""Mississippi is suddenly a Democratic state.""
 He's leading by example, refusing contributions from PACs and Washington lobbyists.
 During his tenure in Washington and in the Illinois State Senate, Barack Obama has accumulated a record of bipartisan success.
 Obama spokesman Bill Burton says Clinton gave Bush ""a blank check on a critical foreign policy issue.""
 I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing, along with Russ Feingold, some of the toughest ethics reform since Watergate.
 John wasn't this raging populist four years ago when he ran for president.
 Right now, an employer has more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be prosecuted for hiring an undocumented worker. That has to change.
 On the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation.
 If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars.
 Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher.
 You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record.
 Says he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.
 I know that Hillary on occasion has said just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy.
 But it was Hillary Clinton, in an interview with Tom Brokaw, who quote 'paid tribute' to Ronald Reagan's economic and foreign policy.
 She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV.
 Americans ""have never paid more for gas at the pump.""
 Hillary Clinton believed NAFTA was a 'boon' to our economy.
 As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs.
 We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years.
 A mailer from the Obama campaign ""accurately indicates"" that Hillary Clinton would ""force uninsured people to buy insurance, even if they can't afford it.""
 Barack Obama's network of small donors constitutes a ""parallel public financing system.""
 He took on special interests and won, passing the toughest ethics law yet.
 He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security...
 I have never said that I don't wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins.
 Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and permanent China trade. Pennsylvania lost thousands of jobs.
 Hillary Clinton is ""willing to have workers' wages garnisheed if they refuse to buy health insurance.""
 If Senator Clinton or John McCain had stood up in previous years for increases in fuel efficiency standards . . . then we would not be in this same situation in the first place.
 A gas tax holiday is a gimmick that ""every economist says will just go into the pockets of the oil companies.""
 We're borrowing money from China and Saudi Arabia ""to finance this war"" in Iraq.
 I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here.
 Barack Obama ""extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected.""
 John McCain ""opposed legislation to fund levees and flood control programs, which he considers pork.""
 Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding.
 Obama says his bill ""reduced welfare rolls nearly 80 percent.""
 The U.S. government spends less on energy innovation ""than the pet food industry invests in its own products.""
 McCain's attacks on Obama are 'not true,' 'false,' 'baloney,' according to media outlets.
 On offshore drilling.
 On using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
 On public financing of his campaign.
 Oil companies ""haven't touched"" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill.
 Fully inflating tires is ""a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent.""
 John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill ""because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil.""
 Joe Biden brought Republicans and Democrats together to pass the 1994 crime bill, putting 100,000 cops on the streets and starting an eight-year drop in crime across the country.
 The average American family saw income rise $7,500 under Bill Clinton and decline $2,000 under George Bush.
 John McCain accused Barack Obama ""of letting infants die.""
 McCain ""has opposed stem cell research.""
 McCain economic adviser Phil Gramm is ""the architect of some of the deregulation in Washington that helped cause the mess on Wall Street.""
 On the use of presidentially appointed commissions.
 Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
 But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week.
 John McCain would ""reduce oversight of health insurance.""
 Henry Kissinger ""said that we should meet with Iran guess what without precondition.""
 Under Obama's tax plan, ""95 percent of you will get a tax cut.""
 John McCain ""has threatened extinction for North Korea and sung songs about bombing Iran.""
 There are so many loopholes ... our businesses pay effectively one of the lowest tax rates in the world.
 My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's.
 Oil companies ...currently have 68-million acres that they're not using.
 I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke [in March 2007], and told them this is something we have to deal with, and nobody did anything about it.
 On the economic crisis, ""the biggest problem in this whole process was the deregulation of the financial system.""
 The accuracy of the Obama tax calculator
 The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots.
 Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and ""that's a loss for you.""
 And 100 percent, John, of your ads . . . 100 percent of them have been negative.
 Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare $882-billion worth.
 On which team hes rooting for in the World Series.
 Measures in Barack Obama's health plan could ""lower health care costs for the typical family by $2,500 a year.""
 Obama ""changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing.""
 There is no disagreement that we need action by our government, a recovery plan that will help to jump-start the economy.
 Our economy could fall $1 trillion short of its full capacity, which translates into more than $12,000 in lost income for a family of four.
 On attacks by Republicans that various programs in the economic stimulus plan are not stimulative, ""If you add all that stuff up, it accounts for less than 1 percent of the overall package.""
 In eighth grade math, weve fallen to ninth place.
 More than 90 percent of the guns recovered in Mexico come from the United States.
 Pay-as-you-go is the principle that helped transform large deficits into surpluses in the 1990s.
 On releasing photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners.
 Walking in the door (Sonia Sotomayor) would bring more experience on the bench, and more varied experience on the bench, than anyone currently serving on the United States Supreme Court had when they were appointed.
 If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world.
 On a single-payer health care system.
 We import more oil today than ever before.
 The stimulus ""has delivered $43 billion in tax relief to American working families and businesses""
 On mandating health care coverage.
 Health insurance companies are making record profits, right now.
 Stimulus tax cuts ""began showing up in paychecks of 4.8 million Indiana households about three months ago.""
 I just want to assure [you] were not talking about cutting Medicare benefits.
 If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.
 I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter.
 If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars.
 Preventive care ""saves money.""
 Insurers delayed an Illinois man's treatment, and he died because of it.
 Health reform will ""give every American the same opportunity"" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do.
 On whether he would put a missile shield in Poland.
 Families are paying $900, on average, ""in higher premiums because of uncompensated care.""
 Medicare does just as good, if not better, at keeping people healthy as Medicare Advantage.
 When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, ""Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy.""
 We've created or saved up to 1.6 million jobs, according to the CBO -- the Congressional Budget Office -- through the Recovery Act.
 Health care reform plans being consided in Congress ""will finally reduce the costs of health care.""
 On the importance of an independent voting record
 Health care reform ""would bring down the deficit by as much as $1 trillion over the next two decades.""
 Because of the steps we took, there are about 2 million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed.
 The ""pay-as-you-go law ... was a big reason why we had record surpluses in the 1990s.""
 We've excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs.
 On a government spending freeze.
 So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010.
 The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent.
 On reconciliation
 Americans who get their insurance through the workplace, cost savings could be as much as $3,000 less per employee than if we do nothing.
 On recess appointments.
 I've issued a six-month moratorium on deepwater drilling.
 John Boehner wants to reopen a tax loophole that actually rewarded corporations for shipping jobs and profits overseas.
 The Bush administration had been giving (auto companies) billions of dollars and just asking nothing in return.
 We now have our kids go to school about a month less than most other advanced countries.
 The Republican election platform was actually written with the help of a former lobbyist for AIG and a former lobbyist for Exxon-Mobil.
 Groups that receive foreign money are spending huge sums to influence American elections.
 The health care bill cuts the deficit by over $1 trillion dollars.
 Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didnt have it before, through the Childrens Health Insurance Program.
 Stabilizing the recent financial crisis will cost less than 1 percent of GDP, which is less than the 2.5 percent to fix the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s.
 The Republican leader of the Senate said his main goal after this election is simply to win the next one.
 One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because theres just not a lot of work there.
 When President Franklin D. Roosevelt started Social Security, it only affected widows and orphans, and when Medicare began, it was a small program.
 We are living with a legacy of deficit-spending that began almost a decade ago.
 I didnt raise taxes once.
 Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional.
 The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
 Under the White Houses budget proposal, we will not be adding more to the national debt by the middle of the decade.
 The presidents proposed budget will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
 Oil production from federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico reached an all-time high in 2010.
 For the first time in more than a decade, imports accounted for less than half of (the oil) we consumed.
 Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years
 By the end of this decade, the interest we owe on our debt could rise to nearly $1 trillion.
 In the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined. The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each.
 Says stories about his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the Republican and White House budget plans the week of April 11.
 Bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan.
 Under President Barack Obama, the United States has doubled our exports.
 What I have done -- and this is unprecedented ... is Ive said to each agency ... look at regulations that are already on the books and if they dont make sense, lets get rid of them.
 Says that when President Bill Clinton raised the top tax rates to levels now proposed by Obama, the country experienced significant job growth.
 Social Security and other federal checks may not go out on Aug. 3 if the debt ceiling is not increased.
 The debt ceiling deal will result in the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
 The United States won every major battle of the Vietnam War. Every single one.
 A construction worker whos making $50 or $60 grand a year shouldnt be paying higher tax rates than the guy whos making $50 million a year. And thats how its working right now.
 Says Texas wildfires are linked to climate change.
 The Arab Spring drove up gas prices.
 I made a bunch of these promises during the campaign. ... Weve got about 60 percent done in three years.
 Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law.
 Because of Barack Obama the mission in Iraq ended.
 We dont take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will.
 President Barack Obama put in place historic fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks to lower costs at the pump and reduce dependence on foreign oil.
 Says he lived up to a 2008 promise when he closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas.
 Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel and every other country to zero.
 Says PolitiFact has said he kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules.
 For the first time in 13 years, our dependence on foreign oil is below 50 percent.
 (After the auto bailout) General Motors is back on top as the worlds No. 1 automaker.
 On fundraising for super PACs
 Preventive care saves money, for families, for businesses, for government, for everybody.
 For the first time since 1990, American manufacturers are creating new jobs.
 The U.S. has a record number of oil rigs operating right now more working oil and gas rigs than the rest of the world combined.
 (GM and Chrysler) repaid their loans.
 If the Supreme Court throws out the federal health care law, it would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress.
 Under the House Republican budget, if these cuts were to be spread out evenly the year after next, nearly 10 million college students would see their financial aid cut by an average of more than $1,000 each.
 Weve brought trade cases against China at nearly twice the rate as the last administration.
 Under Republican economic policies, the typical American family saw their incomes fall by about 6 percent.
 Says Mitt Romneys comments indicated he would not have pursued Osama bin Laden.
 Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double.
 The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me.
 On support for gay marriage.
 Says Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children.
 When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average.
 Romney outsourced call center jobs to India.
 When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average, and fell to 47th in job creation, fourth from the bottom.
 When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ... (had) more debt per person than any other state in the country.
 If youre one of the more than 250 million Americans who already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance.
 Mitt Romneys companies were pioneers in outsourcing U.S. jobs to low-wage countries.
 Mitt Romney says the Arizona immigration law should be a model for the nation.
 Says Mitt Romney backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest.
 Says Romney would add trillions to the deficit while Obama would cut the deficit by $4 trillion.
 Says Mitt Romney paid only 14 percent in taxes probably less than you.
 We do know that Romney personally approved over $70 million in fictional losses to the IRS as part of the notorious Son of Boss tax scandal, one of the largest tax avoidance schemes in history.
 Says Paul Ryan supports banning all abortions, even in cases of rape or incest.
 Paul Ryans Medicare plan could raise future retirees costs more than $6,000.
 Says Paul Ryan tried to change the whole game for Social Security
 After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas.
 Says his budget plan would cut our deficits by $4 trillion.
 Mitt Romney said it was tragic to end the war in Iraq.
 Says that under Mitt Romney, 89 million Americans could be denied coverage if they have a pre-existing condition.
 Says Romney and Ryan both backed proposals that would outlaw abortions even in cases of rape or incest.
 Says he will protect your guaranteed benefits in Medicare while Mitt Romney would take away Medicare as guaranteed benefits.
 Fast and Furious began under the Bush administration.
 Over the last four years, the deficit has gone up, but 90 percent of that is as a consequence of President George W. Bushs policies and the recession.
 In Romneys first budget (in Massachusetts), he cut $248.7 million from K-12 education.
 Under Gov. Romneys definition ... Donald Trump is a small business.
 Says Mitt Romneys plan calls for a $5 trillion tax cut.
 Says his deficit plan made some adjustments to (Simpson-Bowles), and were putting it forward before Congress right now, a $4 trillion plan.
 Obama says hes put forward a specific $4 trillion deficit reduction plan.
 Because of Obamacare, over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- its true -- but theyve gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years.
 Romneys Medicare plan was estimated to cost the average senior about $6,000 a year.
 Says Mitt Romney plans to fire Big Bird.
 Says his administration has created 5 million jobs over the last 30 months in the private sector alone.
 Says his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than its been in 40 years.
 Says Mitt Romney called the Arizona law a model for the nation.
 There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms.
 Veterans unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office.
 A few months ago when you were asked whats the biggest geopolitical threat facing America, you said Russia.
 Says Romney said we should ask Pakistan for permission to take a shot at Osama bin Laden.
 Says Mitt Romneys plan makes catastrophic cuts to education.
 If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase.
 Says his administration has made progress on border enforcement by putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years.
 We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas.
 Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of (Medicares) health care costs.
 Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts to create a legal framework on counterterrorism.
 Every dollar we invested in high-quality, early education programs can save more than $7 later on by boosting graduation rates, reducing teen pregnancy, even reducing crime.
 If the sequester hits, hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings.
 Says if Congress doesnt avoid the sequester, tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids.
 For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. Thats it. They dont have to worry about anything else.
 Says we have put more boots on the U.S.-Mexico border than at any time in our history, and illegal crossings are down by nearly 80 percent from their peak in 2000.
 Says that according to a report, the tech sector now drives more than one-quarter of Austins economy.
 Says that since he took office, there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States.
 My judicial nominees have waited three times longer to receive confirmation votes than those of my Republican predecessor.
 The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is transparent.
 Says last year 13 million (health insurance) rebates went out, in all 50 states. Another 8.5 (million) rebates are being sent out this summer, averaging around 100 bucks each.
 Our businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in this recovery as they had at the same point in the last recovery, when there was no Obamacare.
 The most realistic estimates for jobs created by Keystone XL are maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline.
 In states where the federal government helps run these (health care) marketplaces, the average American will have more than 50 different plans to choose from, with different levels of coverage.
 What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasnt changed since the law passed.
 On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
 The minimum wage in real terms right now is below where it was when Harry Truman was in office.
 Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012.
 Over the past eight years, the United States has reduced our total carbon pollution more than any other nation on Earth.
 What is and isnt a Schedule I narcotic is a job for Congress.
 Weve got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion.
 Most young Americans right now, theyre not covered by health insurance.
 Our high school graduation rate is the highest on record.
 More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their familys plan.
 The U.S. Justice Department has taken on more than 100 voting rights cases since 2009.
 Says his comment about extremists being a JV team wasnt specifically referring to Islamic State.
 When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, its approaching 3 percent.
 The states that have raised the minimum wage (this year) have had faster job growth than the states that havent raised the minimum wage.
 Weve created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office.
 Over the last few years, weve put more people back to work than all the other advanced economies combined.
 My position hasnt changed on using executive authority to address immigration issues.
 The actions Im taking are the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century.
 Citing his efforts to secure the border, Obama said, Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is the lowest it has been since the 1970s.
 A bill from U.S. Rep. Ted Yohoattempts to restrict the administrations ability to conduct national security and criminal background checks on undocumented immigrants.
 Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined.
 In Iraq and Syria, American leadership, including our military power, is stopping (the Islamic States) advance.
 Today, the United States is the most respected country on Earth.
 You go down to Miami and when its flooding at high tide on a sunny day, fish are swimming through the middle of the streets.
 Weve lifted high school graduation rates to new highs.
 Were the only advanced democracy in the world that makes it harder for people to vote.
 The rate of uninsured Americans (is) 8.8 percent.
 Weve seen more manufacturing jobs created since Ive been president than anytime since the 1990s. Thats a fact.
 As governor, in the face of partisan attacks, (Charlie Crist) had the courage to save jobs and lead his state into economic recovery.
 The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. Its just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to.
 Thanks to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Vietnam is drafting and presenting unprecedented labor reforms, changing their Constitution to recognize worker organizations in Vietnam for the first time.
 Since I came into office we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent.
 The list of voters that North Carolina Republicans tried to purge was two-thirds black and Democratic."
