155,"We spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on Earth.
 Last year, ExxonMobil made $19 billion in profit. Guess what. They paid zero in taxes. They got a $156 million refund from the IRS.
 We now work the longest hours of any people around the world.
 Since 2000, nearly 12 million Americans have slipped out of the middle class and into poverty.
 One out of four corporations doesnt pay a nickel in (federal income) taxes.
 (Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care.
 From 2013-2015, the richest 14 Americans increased their net wealth by more than $157 billion, yet the Republican budget would not require these Americans to contribute one penny to deficit reduction.
 In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote.
 We are the only major country on Earth that doesnt guarantee health care to all people as a right.
 We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as do the people of any other country.
 African-American youth unemployment is 51 percent. Hispanic youth unemployment is 36 percent.
 The Koch Brothers are spending more money than either the Democratic or Republican parties in the 2016 elections.
 It costs a hell of a lot more money to put somebody in jail than send them to the University of Virginia.
 The United States is the only major country on earth that doesnt guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege.
 Says Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama naive for saying he was would sit down and talk to the Iranians during the 2008 Democratic primary.
 Almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that I am a much stronger candidate against the Republicans than is Hillary Clinton.
 While our people work longer hours for lower wages, almost all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
 Says Goldman Sachs CEO said Congress would have to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid and give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and the large corporations.
 Says he was endorsed by theValley News newspaper.
 Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real.
 Says a Sanders campaign ad never said ... a newspaper endorsed us that did not.
 Americans are working longer hours for low wages . . . and yet almost all new income and wealth is going to the top 1 percent.
 Says he supported the 1994 crime bill because there is a ban on assault weapons in that bill.
 When youre white ... you dont know what its like to be poor.
 The Trans-Pacific trade deal could cost America 448,000 more jobs.
 Says Bernie Sanders fundamentally changed the lives of Immokalee farm workers in Florida for the better.
 Says his campaign has released his past tax returns.
 Says Hillary Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs.
 We spend about 75 percent of the entire cost of the military aspect of NATO.
 Puerto Ricos $70 billion debt is unsustainable and it is unpayable. And the reason why it is unsustainable has everything to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds.
 There are tens of thousands of homes right here in California where you turn on the faucet but you cant drink the water.
 The top 1 percent in recent years has earned 85 percent of all new income.
 Says Donald Trumps plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would get a $53 billion tax break."
