545,"The people that went to school with (Barack Obama), they never saw him, they dont know who he is.
 South Korea doesnt pay the United States for U.S. troops that protect their country.
 Libya supplies the oil for China. We get no oil from Libya.
 Says President Obamas grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth.
 President Obama has spent over $2 million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate.
 I have the No. 1 show on NBC.
 After the U.S.-led military alliance ejected Saddam Husseins forces from Kuwait in 1991, the Kuwaitis never paid us.
 CNN did a poll recently where Obama and I are statistically tied.
 We dont have bridges being built in the United States.
 ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts.
 Says President Barack Obamas recent New York fundraising trip cost between $25 million and $50 million.
 You can be an NFL player with murder charges and not be suspended.
 The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product was below zero. Who ever heard of this? Its never below zero.
 Even our nuclear arsenal doesnt work. It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They dont know if it worked.
 The Islamic State just built a hotel in Syria.
 Our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Dont believe the 5.6. Dont believe it.
 Public support for abortion is actually going down a little bit, polls show.
 The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country.
 Says Florida had five sanctuary cities while Jeb Bush was governor.
 If youre from Syria and youre a Christian, you cannot come into this country as a refugee.
 The $5 billion website for Obamacare never worked. Still doesnt work.
 Says John McCain has done nothing to help the vets.
 The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are right now back on the battlefield.
 The number of illegal immigrants in the United States is 30 million, it could be 34 million.
 Under President Barack Obama, income levels and unemployment numbers are worse now than just about ever for African-Americans.
 Illegal immigration wasnt a subject that was on anybodys mind until I brought it up at my announcement.
 The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over.
 Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didnt say.
 Every poll said I won the debate.
 The annual cost of free tax credits alone paid to illegal immigrants quadrupled to $4.2 billion in 2011.
 Says if the (Iran nuclear) deal gets rejected, they still get $150 billion.
 Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered by the 14th Amendment.
 Our companies are moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now.
 Were the most highly taxed nation in the world.
 We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, theyre considered employed.
 Under the Iran deal: If Israel attacks Iran were supposed to be on Irans side.
 Says Mexico doesnt have birthright citizenship, and Americans are the only ones to have it.
 The birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
 The unemployment rate may be as high as 42 percent.
 Among Syrian refugees, there arent that many women, there arent that many children.
 Says Bernie Sanders is going to tax you people at 90 percent.
 We have the highest tax rate anywhere in the world.
 Sixty-one percent of our bridges are in trouble.
 Says CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack was coming. So they did have advanced notice.
 Because of Obamacare peoples premiums ...are going up 35, 45, 55 percent.
 Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich got lucky with a thing called fracking, which is why Ohio is doing well.
 I never said that Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerbergs personal senator.
 Says his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit.
 Says that in polls about 2016 candidate leadership skills, he comes out two and three and four times higher than anybody else.
 Says President Dwight Eisenhower moved 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country.
 The Trans-Pacific Partnership was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone.
 President Barack Obama wants to take in 250,000 (people) from Syria.
 The New York Police Department used to have surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City. ... Our mayor totally cut that out.
 The federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are Republicans, not to the Democrats.
 I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as the World Trade Center collapsed.
 Says crime statistics show blacks kill 81 percent of white homicide victims.
 The 9/11 terroristsfriends, family, girlfriends in the United Stateswere sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television.
 A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over our southern border.
 Canadian-born Ted Cruz has had a double passport.
 The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are back on the battlefield.
 Among Syrian refugees and migrants coming into Europe, there look like very few women. Very few children.
 Says Mexico can afford to build a wall because the countrys trade deficit with America is billions of dollars.
 Says a Ted Cruz ad has got me bull-dozing down a house.I never bulldozed it down. Its false advertising.
 I never once asked that (Megyn Kelly) be removed as a debate moderator.
 Im self-funding my own campaign.
 Right now were the highest taxed country in the world.
 Dont believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The numbers probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.
 On the Iraq war, I said it loud and clear, Youll destabilize the Middle East.
 When Mitt Romney chose Paul Ryan as his vice-presidential running mate, that was the end of Romneys chances to win.
 Says that in the Philippines more than a century ago, Gen. John Pershing took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pigs blood, and shot 49 Muslim rebels. The 50th person, he said, You go back to your people, and you tell them what happened. And for 25 years, there wasnt a problem.
 If it werent for me (illegal immigration) wouldnt even be a big subject.
 Says Ted Cruzsaid I was in favor in Libya. I never discussed that subject.
 Says the New York Times can write a story that they know is false yet they cant basically be sued.
 I dont know anything about David Duke.
 We (Trump University)have an A from the Better Business Bureau.
 Says Mahatma Gandhi once said, First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
 The Great Wall of China, built 2,000 years ago, is 13,000 miles (long).
 The wives of the 9/11 hijackers knew exactly what was happening and went back to Saudi Arabia two days before the attacks to watch their husbands on television flying the planes.
 NASCAR endorsed Trump
 The Trump Winery near Charlottesville, Va. is the largest winery on the East Coast.
 GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters.
 Common Core is education through Washington D.C.
 Says the man who rushed the stage at him in Dayton, Ohio, had chatter about ISIS, or with ISIS in his social media posts.
 Under the Iran nuclear deal, we give them $150 billion, we get nothing.
 The 2016 federal omnibus spending bill funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border, right through Phoenix.
 When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go.
 During the last five years, Iran has perpetrated terror attacks in 25 different countries on five continents.
 Out of 67 counties (in Florida), I won 66, which is unprecedented. Its never happened before.
 Weve rebuilt China.
 Says that when Michelle Fields found out that there was a security camera, and that they had her on tape, all of a sudden that story changed.
 SaysTed Cruz distributed the ad showing a nude Melania Trump on a rug.
 Wisconsins effective unemployment rate is 20 percent.
 China is in the South China Sea and (building)a military fortress the likes of which perhaps the world has not seen.
 Mexico receives approximately $24 billion a year in remittances from Mexican nationals working in the United States. The majority of that amount comes from illegal aliens.
 On banning assault weapons.
 The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is rigged.
 My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagans numbers were with Jimmy Carter.
 Says Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio had it set so that the winner takes everything, because they wanted to make sure that I didnt get anything in the Florida primary.
 Says professional football coach Rex Ryan won championships in New York.The AFC, I think, twice.
 ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil.
 I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East.
 When President Obama landed in Cuba on Air Force One, no leader was there, nobody, to greet him -- perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One.
 In the history of Republican primaries, Ive gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party.
 Frankly, (Hillary Clinton) doesnt do very well with women.
 Says Ted Cruzs father was with Lee Harvey Oswald before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
 SaysHillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment.
 Were the highest taxed nation in the world.
 You have to be a citizen to vote, but with same-day voter registration, you have places where people just walk in and vote.
 There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously.
 It is Hillary Clintons agenda to release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released.
 Florida has issued more than 3 million conceal carry permits in the past 30 years. Only 168 have been revoked.
 Look, we are at war with these people and they dont wear uniforms. This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now.
 Hypocrisy at the Clinton Foundation: Top male staff made on average $218,029 while top female staff made $153,014 from 2010-2014.
 Were losing thousands of (veterans) waiting on line because they cant get speedy health care from the Veterans Administration.
 I wanted to keep it private, because I dont think its anybodys business if I want to send money to the vets.
 Weve broken by millions the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election.
 Crime is rising.
 There is no system to vet refugees from the Middle East.
 The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State.
 Even among second and third generation Muslims in the United States, theres no real assimilation.
 Says Hillary Clinton has been given tens of millions of dollars by countries that treat women horribly ...and countries that kill gays.
 Because of Obamacare, you have so many part-time jobs.
 Says Hillary Clinton filibustered legislation to reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education, while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group.
 We dont know anything about Hillary in terms of religion. Now, shes been in the public eye for years and years, and yet theres no theres nothing out there.
 Says Ted Cruz never denied his father was photographedwith Lee Harvey Oswald.
 The Benghazi victims were left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed.
 Says Hillary Clinton has even deleted this record of total support (for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) from her book.
 For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America.
 Says HillaryClintons immigration platform would create totally open borders.
 I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started.
 As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions, millions of jobs.
 Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) her misconduct is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country.
 Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS.
 Says as GOP was picking a convention city, I recommended Ohio.
 Homicides last year increased by 17 percent in Americas 50 largest cities. Thats the largest increase in 25 years.
 Two million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obamatook his oath of office less than eight years ago.
 Says Hillary Clinton has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian ... refugees . . . despite the fact that theres no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from.
 America has lost nearlyone third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton.
 The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015.
 Says Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment.
 An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
 On gift taking,Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what (Tim) Kaine took.
 On whether the federal government should set a minimum wage
 Youth unemployment is through the roof.
 Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining- then a small one. Pathetic.
 As usual, Hillary the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games.
 We have a fire marshal that said, Oh we cant allow more people ... And the reason they wont let them in is because they dont know what the hell theyre doing.
 On whether hes had a relationship with Vladimir Putin.
 Says the U.S. election system is rigged.
 Im beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot.
 Says he saw videotape of the people taking the money off the plane to pay ransom to Iran for hostages.
 Hillary Clinton says she wants to, raise taxes on the middle class.
 Says Hillary Clinton once wanted a wall on the Mexican border.
 The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs.
 Says Barack Obama founded ISIS. I would say the co-founder would be crooked Hillary Clinton.
 I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats.
 Says Hillary Clinton is proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybodys jobs, including low-income African-Americans.
 Under Hillary Clintons plan illegal immigrants convicted of committing crimes get to stay.
 As governor, Tim Kaine oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase.
 Says Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than theyre paying now.
 Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms using radical regulation, by raising business tax rates as high as nearly 50 percent and by taxing family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent.
 Inner-city crime is reaching record levels.
 The number of illegal immigrants could be 3 million. It could be 30 million.
 Says Hillary Clinton has not answered a single question about her immigration plan.
 The Secure Communities Program and 287(g) immigration programs were programs that worked but were recklessly gutted by the Obama administration.
 Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldnt have been politically correct.
 I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. You dont learn much in a tax return.
 Barack Obama has doubled our national debt. Doubled it. Its going to be close to $20 trillion when he leaves.
 I was totally against the war in Iraq.
 Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants.
 My opponent has no child care plan.
 I finished the controversyabout wherePresident Barack Obama was born.
 On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.
 Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 startedthe birther controversy.
 I never said that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.
 Says Israel profiles based on ethnicity and does it very successfully.
 Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape theyve ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever.
 Says Hillary Clintons plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs.
 Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to shut down shale, and shut down natural gas.
 Says Hillary Clintons energy agenda will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion
 Says to Hillary Clinton, You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it.
 NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... Im sure Im not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.
 Says top Clinton advisers were pressing birther movement stories very hard.
 You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Elections to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns.
 I did not support the war in Iraq The record shows that Im right.
 In her campaign for president, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million in contributions from Wall Street and hedge funds.
 Says he has a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required.
 Says Hillary Clinton wants to go to a single-payer plan for health care
 Says a tweet he sent out wasnt saying, check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at the background of Alicia Machado.
 Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary.
 You (Hillary Clinton) get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 emails.
 Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, shes seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped.
 Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya.
 We dont have any chess grandmasters in the United States.
 Says he won the second debate with Hillary Clinton in a landslide in every poll.
 Says Hillary Clinton was let off the hook for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life destroyed for doing far, far less.
 Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day.
 Its possible that non-citizen voters were responsible for Obamas 2008 victory in North Carolina.
 Says Hillary Clinton is wrong to say he mocked a disabled reporter.
 Says Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.
 When Hillary Clinton ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen they dont know.
 The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them largely have been debunked.
 Russia has tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads 1,800, by the way where they expanded, and we didnt.
 Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it, but under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country, theyve been deported.
 ISIS is in 32 countries.
 14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.
 Says Ohios I-X Center used to be a great plant, but thousands of people of worked here, and they left when their jobs were moved overseas.
 Wikileaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique.
 Weve spent $6 trillion on the wars in the Middle East.
 Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.
 Nearly half of African-American children under the age of 6 are living in abject poverty.
 Says Hillary Clinton wants to let people just pour in. You could have 650 million people pour in and we do nothing about it. Think of it. Thats what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week.
 Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
 The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton ... and discovered another 650,000 emails.
 The media never show crowds.
 I have tremendous support from women.
 Its just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience a massive, double-digit premium hike.
 Says that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama spent so much time screaming at a protester, and frankly it was a disgrace.
 Beyonce and Jay Z, I like them, I like them ... I get bigger crowds than they do. Its true. I get far bigger crowds.
 Says there are probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million criminal immigrants in the country illegally.
 The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
 The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me.
 There was serious voter fraud in California.
 Says he won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.
 There was serious voter fraud in New Hampshire.
 There was serious voter fraud in Virginia.
 Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
 We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College."
