290,"Obamacare will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally.
 While Sarah was Mayor of Wasilla she tried to fire our highly respected City Librarian because the Librarian refused to consider removing from the library some books that Sarah wanted removed.
 Says that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output.
 What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!
 A data-storing microchip ""would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option.""
 Gov. Scott Walker hired convicted Assembly Speaker Scott Jensen to oversee a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance the state budget.
 Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to confuse the 2012 re-election campaigns.
 Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
 Says Texas voters are being asked to act this November on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes.
 Members of Congress receive full pay retirement after serving one term.
 Barack Obama wants to ""unilaterally disarm our nation.""
 Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obamas past, saying they knew him, attended school with him, was his friend, etc.? Not one person has ever come forward from his past.
 Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, ""was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration.""
 Due to actions by President Barack Obama, the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases.
 If you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8 percent sales tax on it.
 Obama admits he is not a citizen.
 2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015.
 Obama ""remains silent"" and ""is never asked how he feels about his church honoring Farrakhan.""
 Obama's wife said her goal in life was to put the black community ""first and foremost.""
 An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was dragged through the streets and abused.
 Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!
 Says Barack Obama is the first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office.
 Obama thinks the national anthem should be ""I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing.""
 Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt.
 The media wont publish a real photo of Trayvon Martin with tattoos on his face.
 On new dollar coins, In God We Trust is gone!
 Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!
 Muslims attempted to establish the first Islamic Sharia court inside the United States in the town of Irving, Texas.
 Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine voted to let the U.N. take OUR guns.
 The Democrats' health care bills would provide ""free health care for illegal immigrants.""
 In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves.
 The ACLU has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely.
 Says Hillary Clinton will receive her congressional salary until she dies and the Secret Service pays her mortgage.
 A new bill was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt.
 While CEOs of some large charities have big salaries, the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free.
 Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges.
 Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
 This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.
 Says the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a confederacy of fools for electing Barack Obama.
 An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism.
 Because the EPA closed a lead smelter in Missouri, all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas!
 No Republicans voted for recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. These taxes were all passed under Obamacare.
 Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
 Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, ""all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments.""
 State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
 According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??
 The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents.
 Says Texas retained the right to have a navy when it joined the United States.
 Pres. Obamas finance team is recommending a . . . 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
 Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run
 A hidden provision in the health care law taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
 Claims that former Sen. Tom Daschle said, ""Seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them.""
 While others place their hands over their hearts, Obama turns his back to the flag and slouches.
 You must list all your guns on your 2010 tax return.
 The cap-and-trade bill before Congress prevents you from selling your home without the permission of the EPA administrator.
 New tax increases that went into effect on Jan.1, 2015, all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare.
 The ACLU has filed a suit to have all military cross-shaped headstones removed.
 A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen.
 The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees ""holiday trees.""
 Obama said troops ""whine about bearing the costs"" of going to war.
 Obama ""shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service.""
 On Tim Kaine: In exchange for campaign contributions, he appointed a radical jihadi to the Virginia Immigration Commission.
 AIG insures the pension trust of the United States Congress!
 Less than 10 percent of President Barack Obamas Cabinet members have private-sector experience.
 Many of the companies bankrolling the ad campaign against Amendment 4 are recipients of a congressional bailout, in the form of humongous tax refunds earlier this year.
 Having an entirely Democrat congressional delegation in 2009, when the [federal stimulus] bill passed, increases the per capita stimulus dollars that the state receives per person by $460.
 Congressional lawmakers earn their salaries FOR LIFE, which for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would add up to $803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical.
 Starting in 2011, ""you will be required to pay taxes"" on ""the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company.""
 Says Barack Obama is the only American president who has not visited the D-Day Monument in Normandy on D-Day.
 Obama's wife wrote a paper in college that said America was a nation founded on ""crime and hatred"" and that whites in America are ""ineradicably racist.""
 E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China.
 When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen.
 Obama ""closed offshore tax safe havens.""
 The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned.
 Under the new health care law, all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax
 Says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
 The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution.
 The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
 Clinton ""refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers.""
 Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold.
 Says Barack Obama said that ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs and that individuals should surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign.
 Says a man in Ferguson, Mo., was photographed holding a sign that said, No mother should have to fear for her sons life every time he robs a store.
 Says the Obama administration plans to ban all weapons for U.S. citizens through international treaties.
 Next year, you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs.
 The church Barack Obama belongs to only admits black people.
 Obama ""refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance, but refused to say the pledge.""
 Why was there no news coverage of this raid on the Arizona border? Seizure was just five days ago. Right on the Arizona border!
 An Iowa policy ""provides for a state round up of Iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus.""
 Says 11 states have more people on welfare than employed.
 Unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age 50 to retire.
 Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga.
 After Hurricane Katrina, Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his buddies empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare.
 The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits.
 Obama said he would ""stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction.""
 Members of Congress specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed, such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment ... (and) from the healthcare reform.
 Says Michelle Obama waved red communist flags on her trip to China.
 Obama's first call (as president) to any head of state was to Mahmoud Abbas, leader of Fatah party in the Palestinian territory.
 The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment.
 Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet that would require links to opposing opinions.
 A United Nations working group has adopted a proposed agenda to enable member nations to disarm civilians within their borders.
 Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income.
 Barack Obama wants to ""restore"" the estate tax that George W. Bush ""repealed.""
 Private prisons do not chase escaped inmates past the perimeter like the public prisons do, which means more escaped prisoners in our communities.
 Peter DeFazio will sneak in a 1 percent tax on all banking transactions.
 A Dallas proof-of-insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents.
 Members of Congress can retire with the same pay after only one term in office
 Says a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, All this for a damn flag.
 Says Obama wants to redesign the American flag ""to better offer our enemies hope and love.""
 Says that President Obama said, Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?
 Says Gov. Scott Walker is openly backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions by at least a third for current and retired public employees
 The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year.
 Foreign Trade Zones allow U.S. land to be inhabited by Chinese communists -- communists straight from China! They are to set up little towns and live here.
 Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whetherBarack Obama is eligible to be President.
 Barack Obama's middle name is Mohammed and he's a ""covert"" Muslim.
 Solar panels drain the suns energy.
 Says President Barack Obamas finance team is recommending a 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
 The President wants the U.S. to sign on to the U.N.s International Criminal Court.
 Welfare programs caused more long-term damage to Detroit than the atomic bomb caused to Hiroshima
 John McCain will keep the estate tax at 0 percent, the same as it is now.
 The health care law includes a 3.8% sales tax on all real estate transactions.
 U.S. Department of Homeland Security has told banks -- in writing -- it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold, silver, guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes!
 Obama was enrolled in a Wahabi school in Jakarta. Wahabism is the RADICAL teaching that is followed by the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad against the western world.
 Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent.
 All non-US citizens, illegal or not, will be provided with free health care services.
 Says President Barack Obama told a room of students, Children, every time I clap my hands together, a child in America dies from gun violence, and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more.
 Says At age 76 when you most need it, you are not eligible for cancer treatment under Affordable Care Act.
 If the Trans-Pacific Partnership is fast-tracked through the Senate, it wont receive a committee assignment and the consideration will include no debate.
 On the new dollar coins, ""'In God We Trust' is gone!""
 Says there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of Texas homestead exemption for seniors and the disabled.
 Says the word Dhimmitude is on page 107 of the health care law and means Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance.
 Presidents Hoover, Truman and Eisenhower collectively ordered the deportation of at least 15 million illegal aliens.
 More than 1,000 American soldiers have lost their lives in Afghanistan in the last 27 months. This is more than the combined total of the nine years before.
 Says Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie made a late-night visit to Kinkos to forge President Barack Obamas birth certificate two days before Obama unveiled it to the media.
 Obama used $20 million in federal money to emmigrate (sic) Hamas Refugees to the USA.
 When Obama was sworn into office, he DID NOT use the Holy Bible, but instead the Kuran (Their equivalency to our Bible, but very different beliefs).
 Says Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad chartered a plane to remove 124 young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to Honduras.
 If Barack Obama would apply for a job with the FBI or with the Secret Service, he would be disqualified because of his past associations with William Ayers.
 Barack Obama is the First President to terminate Americas ability to put a man in space.
 Medicare insurance premiums will be rising to $120.20 per month in 2013 and $247.00 per month in 2014.
 For the first time in history, the Democratic Congress will not allow an increase in the social security COLA (cost of living adjustment).
 From Obama's book: ""I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother's race.""
 A hidden provision in Obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
 President Barack Obama is the first president to keep a dog-trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense.
 College students who are NOT U.S. Citizens and who get the PELL Grant plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas cards and child care.
 Obama will charge a 28 percent tax on all home sales.
 The Affordable Care Act says that at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment. Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patients age.
 Barack Obama is the first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect.
 The salaries of Wisconsins best-educated public school teachers were slashed by Gov. Scott Walker through a recent administrative rule change.
 His true name is Barak Hussein Muhammed Obama.
 Says President BarackObama has issued upwards of 1,000 executive orders, more than any modern president.
 In the health care bill, ""The 'Health Choices Commissioner' will decide health benefits for you. You will have no choice. None.""
 The House health care bill provides for ""free abortion services, and probably forced participation in abortions by members of the medical profession.""
 Members of Congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans.
 Says President Barack Obama doubled the national debt, which had taken more than two centuries to accumulate, in one year.
 Under the Affordable Care Act, anyone on Medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill. Medicare wont pay a cent.
 Barack Obama has written and co-sponsored more bills in three years than Hillary Clinton has in seven."
