796,"English ""is our national language...if it becomes official, that means in a place like New York City you can't print ballots in any other language.""
 Her health care plan will cost $110-billion in the first year, which can be paid for with savings.
 Hillary stood up for universal health care when almost no one else would, and kept standing till 6-million kids had coverage.
 Americans spend 100-million hours a year filling out these forms (FAFSA). That is the equivalent of 55,500 full-time jobs.
 Sen. Obama ""made the very argument he is now criticizing back in November 2006.""
 It's just outrageous that under President Bush, the National Institutes of Health have been basically decreased in funding.
 My husband has not withheld a single document.
 Barack Obama's health care plan ""would leave 15-million Americans out.""
 Barack Obama's health care plan ""would leave 15 million Americans out.""
 Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression.
 Average families are spending roughly $2,000 more a year on energy costs. ... It's like a $2,000 energy tax in just the last seven years, more than three times what the typical American family received from the Bush tax cuts.
 You said you would vote against the Patriot Act, then you came to the Senate, you voted for it.
 So that 2005 energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy. That's why I voted against it.
 The Bush administration has ""the Pentagon trying to take away the signing bonuses when a soldier gets wounded and ends up in the hospital, something that I'm working with a Republican senator to try to make sure never can happen again.""
 On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation.
 I want to freeze interest rates for five years.
 Says the difference between her and Barack Obama is ""about 35 years of experience.""
 Barack Obama said in 2004 ""that he basically agreed with the way George Bush was conducting the war.""
 Obama ""basically threatened to bomb Pakistan.""
 Obama ""only wants your children to have health insurance.""
 I helped to bring peace to Northern Ireland.
 I've been standing up against ... the Chinese government over women's rights and standing up for human rights.
 I remember landing under sniper fire.
 I did very well with young people in Ohio, Massachusetts, California.
 McCain's ""plan for the economy is to extend George Bush's tax cuts for billionaires and give a $100-billion additional corporate tax cut.""
 I actually started criticizing the war in Iraq before (Obama) did.
 Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that put $6-billion in the pocket of big oil.
 More than one person, on average, a day is murdered in Philadelphia.
 If you are driving on average in America this summer, you'll save according to Department of Energy figures about $70.
 If West Virginia had voted for our Democratic nominee in 2000 and 2004, we wouldn't have had to put up with George Bush for the last 7 years.
 McCain ""still thinks it's okay when women don't earn equal pay for equal work.""
 I don't answer hypotheticals.
 On same-sex marriage.
 The number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during Bill Clintons presidency was a hundred times what it was under President Ronald Reagan.
 Says all my grandparents immigrated to America.
 The United States is 65th out of 142 nations and other territories on equal pay.
 Hedge fund managers pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers.
 On the Cuba embargo.
 Says Scott Walkers defunding of Planned Parenthood left women across the state stranded with nowhere else to turn for cancer screenings, breast exams and birth control.
 F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bushs leadership.
 Says Scott Walker rejected legislation to make college loan payments tax deductible and the result was to raise taxes on students.
 Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how theyd address the rising cost of college.
 The Benghazi probe is the longest-running congressional investigation ever.
 On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
 The gun industry isthe only business in America that is wholly protected from any kind of liability.
 Says as secretary of state she was reserving judgment about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and hoped it would be the gold standard.
 Wages adjusted for inflation havent risen since the turn of the last century.
 Since we last debated in Las Vegas, nearly 3,000 people have been killed by guns.
 The Libyan people have voted twice in free and fair elections for the kind of leadership they want.
 We now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil.
 ISIS is going to people showing videos of Donald Trump insulting Islam and Muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists.
 Says Cresent Hardy agreed with Mitt Romney about the 47 percent and said that people with disabilities are, and I quote him, a drain on society.
 We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest theyve been in 50 years.
 Every piece of legislation, just about, that I ever introduced (in the U.S. Senate) had a Republican co-sponsor.
 I am the only candidate on either side who has laid out a specific plan about what I would do to defeat ISIS.
 When terrorists killed more than 250 Americans in Lebanon under Ronald Reagan, the Democrats didnt make that a partisan issue.
 I waited until (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) had actually been negotiated before deciding whether to endorse it.
 Says Sen. Bernie Sanders has called President Barack Obama weak. Hes called him a disappointment.
 Says she will work to raise the federal minimum wage back to the highest level its ever been $12 an hour in todays dollars.
 You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if youre a white applicant than if youre black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials.
 When the auto industry was going under, car parts companies like Johnson Controls begged taxpayers for a bailout, and they got one.
 Says Bernie Sanders was against the auto bailout and voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry.
 The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing.
 The economy always does better when theres a Democrat in the White House.
 About 1 percent of all the gun sellers are responsible for more than half of the guns that are used in crimes.
 I have now put out all of my emails.
 Im the only candidate in the Democratic primary, or actually on either side, who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against.
 Says Bernie Sanders wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns.
 The state that has the highest per capita number of guns that end up committing crimes in New York come from Vermont.
 We have tougher standards holding toy gun manufacturers and sellers to account than we do for real guns.
 Let me say that I dont think (Bernie Sanders has) had a single negative ad ever run against him.
 It was allowed, referring to her email practices.
 Says Donald Trump has the gall to say that prisoners of war like John McCain arent heroes.
 Says Donald Trump says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia.
 It is a fact that the economy does better when we have a Democrat in the White House.
 Says Mark Zandi, who wrote a report criticizing Donald Trumps economic proposals, is one of Sen. John McCains former economic advisers.
 Cincinnati is already one of the biggest cities in the country to run 100 percent on clean energy.
 Says she never received nor sent any material that was marked classified on her private email server whilesecretary of state.
 Independent analysts say (Donald Trump) would add $30 trillion to the national debt.
 I am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said, I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
 Says unlike Tim Kaine, who investedin education, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence slashed education funding.
 Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs.
 Says Donald Trump doesnt make a thing in America.
 More than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent.
 Says, regarding the presence of classified information in her email, FBI Director James Comey said my answers were truthful, and what Ive said is consistent with what I have told the American people.
 Undocumented immigrantspay $12 billion a year into Social Security.
 I opposed the only multilateral trade deal that came before the Senate while I was there.
 Says her campaign platform includes the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
 I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
 Says she would bring 186,740 new jobs to Wisconsin and Donald Trump would cost Wisconsin 61,050 jobs.
 The Clinton Foundation took steps that went above and beyond all legal requirements and, indeed, all standard requirements followed by every other charitable organization.
 Says New START, passed while Clinton was secretary of state, is a treaty cutting Russias nuclear arms.
 Says comprehensive immigration reform will add $700 billion to our economy.
 Says Donald Trump publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans (emails).
 We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent.
 Back in the Great Recession, when millions of jobs across America hung in the balance, Donald Trump said rescuing the auto industry didnt really matter very much. He said, and I quote again, Let it go.
 What the District of Columbia was trying to do(with its handgun ban) was to protect toddlers from guns.
 There was even a time when (Donald Trump) didnt get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged.
 What I have put forward does not add a penny to the debt.
 In 1928 school boards sent home letters with children saying that if Al Smith is elected president, you will not be allowed to have or read a Bible.
 400 bills have my name on them either as a sponsor or a co-sponsor. You dont get that done unless you work with folks on the other side.
 Donald Trump says hed deport 16 million people.
 One-half of undocumented workers pay federal income taxes, which means they are paying more federal income taxes than Donald Trump pays.
 We are seeing kids who are healthier.
 Says FBI Director James Comeys letter about new developments in the investigation into her emails only went to Republican members of the House.
 Donald Trumps strategy is pretty simple. They have even said in his campaign its to get women to stay home, get young people to stay home, get people of color to stay home, and get a lot smart, intelligent men to stay home, too.
 Says Donald Trump doesnt believe in equal pay.
 Says Donald Trump says organized crime runs wild on reservations."
