1,"In 1972, we had a 179,000 human beings in jail in this country. Today, it's 2.3-million, and 70 percent of them are black, African-American.
 The president is brain-dead.
 Iowa, for good reason, for constitutional reasons, for reasons related to the Lord, should be the first caucus and primary.
 I'm probably one of the four or five best-known Americans in the world.
 Obama was enrolled in a Wahabi school in Jakarta. Wahabism is the RADICAL teaching that is followed by the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad against the western world.
 The signers of the Declaration of Independence were ""brave people, most of whom, by the way, were clergymen.""
 Rudy Giuliani is ""probably the most underqualified man since George Bush to seek the presidency.""
 Edwards says if Congress won't pass universal health care, he'll tell Congress: ""I'm going to use my power as president to take your health care away from you.""
 An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism.
 When Obama was sworn into office, he DID NOT use the Holy Bible, but instead the Kuran (Their equivalency to our Bible, but very different beliefs).
 The Mormon religion has ""a plan that will see the Constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy.""
 I don't describe your plan as amnesty in my ad. I don't call it amnesty.
 Barack Obama's middle name is Mohammed and he's a ""covert"" Muslim.
 Says McCain was a ""Hanoi Hilton songbird"" who collaborated with the enemy.
 Obama says America is great, but let's ""try to change it.""
 RNC version of a Hillary Clinton valentine: ""Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll raise your taxes and there is nothing you can do.""
 Barack Obama loves Che Guevara.
 Obama ""suggested bombing Pakistan.""
 Obama ""basically threatened to bomb Pakistan.""
 I remember landing under sniper fire.
 According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??
 Hillary (Clinton), one time late at night when she was exhausted, misstated and immediately apologized for it, what happened to her in Bosnia in 1995.
 Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga.
 His true name is Barak Hussein Muhammed Obama.
 Denies that he said the Obama campaign ""played the race card.""
 Obama thinks the national anthem should be ""I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing.""
 McCain says the price of a gas tax ""holiday"" would be about the same as ""a Bridge to Nowhere (or) another pork barrel project.""
 Clinton's former pastor convicted of child molestation.
 Obama's wife wrote a paper in college that said America was a nation founded on ""crime and hatred"" and that whites in America are ""ineradicably racist.""
 From Obama's book: ""I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother's race.""
 Fidel Castro endorses Obama.
 Says Obama opposes innovation, the electric car and ""clean, safe, nuclear energy.""
 Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' the Second AmendmentBan use of firearms for home defense.
 Barack Obama ""rejects everyone white, including his mother and his grandparents.""
 Obama wants to increase the size of government by 23 percent.
 McCain's energy plan is a ""single-answer proposition"" new domestic oil drilling.
 Sarah Palin ""got more votes running for mayor of Wasilla, Alaska, than Joe Biden got running for president of the United States.""
 The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned.
 Says Obama called Sarah Palin a pig.
 Obama's one education accomplishment was ""legislation to teach 'comprehensive sex education' to kindergartners.""
 Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
 Says McCain ""voted to let governments charge rape victims"" for forensic exams.
 (Bill) Ayers and Obama ran a radical education foundation together.
 The truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part.
 And 100 percent, John, of your ads . . . 100 percent of them have been negative.
 Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
 Barack Obama thinks terrorists just need a good talking to.
 Obama would ""experiment with socialism.""
 Says Obama wants to redesign the American flag ""to better offer our enemies hope and love.""
 Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income.
 The stimulus bill includes ""$300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami.""
 The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution.
 You and I know that in the history of mankind and womankind, government federal, state, local, or otherwise has never created one job.
 AIG insures the pension trust of the United States Congress!
 The administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes, including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $3,128 a year.
 Under Obama's budget plan, families making over $250,000 are going to lose their mortgage deduction, their charitable deductions.
 In the 1970s, the swine flu broke out . . . under another Democrat, President Jimmy Carter.
 When one person sneezes, it goes all the way through the aircraft.
 Obama used $20 million in federal money to emmigrate (sic) Hamas Refugees to the USA.
 The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create special protection for pedophiles.
 The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents.
 Inside the stimulus package is anti-Christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on Sundays, as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study groups.
 If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world.
 ACORN will be a paid partner with the Census Bureau and they will be in charge of going door-to-door and collecting data from the American public.
 Says the Constitution only requires her to tell the census how many people are in our home.
 The ACLU has filed a suit to have all military cross-shaped headstones removed.
 The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits.
 The health care reform bill -- on Page 16 -- outlaws private insurance.
 The health care reform bill would make it mandatory absolutely require that every five years people in Medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner.
 John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population.
 All non-US citizens, illegal or not, will be provided with free health care services.
 In the health care bill, ""The 'Health Choices Commissioner' will decide health benefits for you. You will have no choice. None.""
 Page 992 of the health care bill will establish school-based 'health' clinics. Your children will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted!
 Birthers have obtained a copy of Obamas Kenyan birth certificate.
 Seniors and the disabled will have to stand in front of Obamas death panel so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their level of productivity in society, whether they are worthy of health care.
 Im 59. In either Canada or Great Britain, if I broke my hip, I couldnt get it replaced.
 President Obama . . . wants to mandate circumcision.
 The Department of Veterans Affairs has a manual out there telling our veterans stuff like, 'Are you really of value to your community?' You know, encouraging them to commit suicide.
 Schoolchildren across the nation ""will be forced to watch the president justify his plans for government-run health care, banks, and automobile companies, increasing taxes on those who create jobs, and racking up more debt than any other president.""
 Over the past few months, we've learned that ""we just can't count on the media to debunk"" lies about health insurance reform.
 Photo of ""tea party"" protests shows crowd sprawling from Capitol to Washington Monument
 For the first time in history, the Democratic Congress will not allow an increase in the social security COLA (cost of living adjustment).
 The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees ""holiday trees.""
 If President Obama signs the Copenhagen climate change treaty, he ""will sign your freedom, your democracy, and your prosperity away forever and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again.""
 The attorney general requires that rape victims pay for the rape kit.
 Barack Obama wrote a thesis at Columbia University in which he criticized ""plutocratic thugs"" and said the Constitution gave Americans ""the shackles of hypocrisy.""
 Page 92 of the House health care bill ""says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain.""
 You must list all your guns on your 2010 tax return.
 I didn't endorse the federal stimulus bill.
 In the health care bill, were now offering insurance for dogs.
 Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, ""was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration.""
 A data-storing microchip ""would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option.""
 Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold.
 Sen. Hutchison abandoned Republicans and stood with Democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly.
 President Obama ""doesn't ... want to admit we're at war.""
 A recent Obama executive order could lead to a number of investigations by Interpol in the United States, potentially aimed at American officials.
 We had no domestic attacks under Bush.
 Says Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson threatened to shoot him.
 There are high administrative costs when you donate to Haiti relief through the White House Web site.
 Bill White has presided over the construction of what may be the worlds largest abortion clinic.
 Bill White is discriminating. Hes taking jobs from African Americans and giving them to his friends.
 The presidents health care proposals will cause most Americans to have their premiums increased, not decreased, and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage.
 Congressman McCollum voted to dismantle Social Security.
 The stimulus bill ""didnt create one new job.""
 Georgia could get money for schools by scraping the gold off the gold dome of the state Capitol.
 Bill White ... supports the ObamaCare socialized medicine plan, as well as Cap and Trade legislation that would kill thousands of Texas jobs.
 The Democratic health care plan is a ""government takeover of our health programs.""
 I'm glad for the wording of it (an ethics report on corporate-sponsored Congressional trips) because clearly the wording exonerates me.
 Says Republican state leaders are using ""Soviet-style"" budget management.
 People ""can't go fishing anymore because of Obama.""
 The economy began its nose dive when Democrats took control of Congress in January 2007.
 Says the Texas State Board of Education is considering eliminating references to Christmas and the Constitution in textbooks.
 My ""border security efforts have led to a 60 percent decrease in border crime.""
 An audit of the last census found that over 370,000 people living in Texas were not counted, and our state lost an estimated $1 billion in federal funds as a result.
 The Massachusetts Supreme Court...defined marriage as simply, quote,the establishment of intimacy ... I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse, I guess you could marry your horse.
 A government panel that didn't include cancer specialists says women shouldn't receive mammograms until age 50...If government takes over health care, recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases.
 The Democratic health care plan is a ""government takeover of nearly 20 percent of our economy.""
 The bill also provides full federal funding for abortions
 The path to ObamaCare becoming law all started with Charlie Crist supporting President Obama's $787 billion stimulus.
 The number of uninsured people in Massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 2006.
 I never considered myself a maverick.
 Obama said troops ""whine about bearing the costs"" of going to war.
 Says the new health care law delivers a $13 billion tax increase on families with special needs.
 We researched to find out if anybody on Fox News had ever said youre going to jail if you dont buy health insurance. Nobodys ever said it.
 Links jailed lobbyist Jack Abramoff to Rep. C.W. Bill Young.
 Up until two weeks ago, John McCain was a leading proponent of amnesty. Now with me challenging him, suddenly he has changed.
 Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu received almost $1.8 million from BP over the last decade.
 McCollum admitted he didn't think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal, telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that 'it's not the end of the world.' 
 Elena Kagan is a New York City radical, Marxist lawyer through and through.
 In three days last week, (Gov. Rick) Perry flew to five cities at taxpayers expense, holding press conferences, delivering $2,325,000 in checks.
 My opponent in November of 2008 sent a missive to the White House, to President Obama-elect, and said, Heres how you need to sell cap-and-trade to the American people.
 Blue Cross new $90-million Providence headquarters ""was outfitted with $25 million in decor.""
 Says Gov. Rick Perry is spending Texans hard-earned money to live like Louie XIV.
 Ninety-four percent of the bills that pass the Senate have no debate, no vote, no amendments, no reading of the bill, no online disclosure.
 Barbara Boxers worried about the weather instead of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security.
 Four years as a congressman, he [U.S. Rep. Hank Johnson] never talked about MARTA.
 Under the new health care law, the elderly will be denied care when they have ""passed the age limit for treatment.""
 Barack Obama appeared in the video for 'Whoomp! (There it is!)'
 In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves.
 Says she was never a member of the Georgia Log Cabin Republicans.
 Starting in 2011, ""you will be required to pay taxes"" on ""the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company.""
 Without representation, (the IRS) can increase taxes.
 Says Gov. Rick Perry is by far and away the highest-paid state employee on an hourly basis.
 With his decision on whether to fire Gen. Stanley McChrystal, President Obama has to fix yet another problem he inherited from the Bush administration.
 U.S. Rep. Jim Langevin didn't want a border fence to block illegal immigration ""because he is afraid that someone will get hurt trying to go around the fence.""
 Bill McCollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for Planned Parenthood.
 Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert, either buried or just lying out there, that have been beheaded.
 The government is trying to now close the Lincoln Memorial for any kind of large gatherings.
 When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen.
 Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whetherBarack Obama is eligible to be President.
 A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen.
 Blue Cross headquarters has ""a $30,000 granite table.""
 Sixty percent of the Hispanics support the Arizona immigration law
 Transporting drugs is the price of admission for people crossing the border illegally.
 A U.S. Government Accountability Office report says Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008.
 We dont get a lot of calls from this White House I have, frankly, never had a call from them.
 Phoenix, Ariz., is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
 Karen Handel would have felt like it was OK to go in and abort Sarah Palins son Trig, who has Down syndrome.
 Nobodys invited us to the Obama events in Atlanta.
 We have my opponent Sam Olens to thank for [the Arizona immigration ruling] since he was on the team that got Clinton elected.
 Ninety-four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes under the Democrats plan.
 Theres no negative advertising in my campaign at all.
 In recent years, Rep. LaTourette has sponsored legislation that would increase spending by 551.6 percent.
 Democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in U.S. history.
 Under the new health care law, all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax
 Obama admits he is not a citizen.
 Cap and trade legislation that Zack Space supported would cost the average household approximately $1,761 per year in increased energy rates.
 Says Bill White is refusing to debate.
 President Obama is a Muslim.
 Our most important work has been creating and retaining almost 55,000 Ohio jobs.
 80 to 85 percent of my campaign funds go to donations to various organizations throughout the City of Providence.
 Says a Pro-Stimulus economist admits it is not working
 Sean Duffy backed plan to privatize Social Security.
 I asked (then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice) how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question.
 When the mayor of Providences brother wrote over 100 grand in bad checks to the city, Joe Fernandez didnt have the guts to prosecute him. He let him off the hook.
 Ganley said that if elected, he wants to cut the dickens out of Social Security, Medicare and Veterans benefits.
 A bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes.
 The stimulus has not created one private sector job.
 Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate.
 Candidate for governor Roy Barnes has been fighting hard to let illegal immigrants vote.
 Ive been outspent by my opponents every time Ive run for U.S. Senate.
 A bill by Earl Blumenauer would mandate GPS tracking devices on all our vehicles.
 It takes as much energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life.
 Ron Klein repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants.
 Speaker Pelosi ... has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that shes flying.
 Politician Reid Ribble wants to phase out Social Security, forcing Wisconsin seniors to fend for themselves.
 Marco Rubio tried to insert $1.5 million for a rowing institute into the state budget.
 Under Tom Barretts leadership, violent crime in Milwaukee has decreased by over 20% -- to its lowest levels in more than 20 years.
 If you look at the application for a security clearance, I have a clearance that even the president of the United States cannot obtain because of my background.
 Says John Boehner admits we are not going to be any different than weve been by returning to the same failed economic policies that wrecked our economy.
 Says campaign contributions to her rival for a state House seat was money intended for schoolchildren.
 Rick Scott doesnt have any ties to a lobbyist.
 Says the Feingold garage ad is a fake: Hes not standing in front of his house.
 Rick Perry thinks injecting 11- and 12-year-old girls with a controversial drug (the HPV vaccine), without a parents consent, is a good idea.
 Says the headlines tell the story of how Walker has mismanaged Milwaukee County
 Peter DeFazio will sneak in a 1 percent tax on all banking transactions.
 Says Steve Kagen promised us jobs, voting for the $787 billion stimulus. Cost: another 77,000 jobs lost.
 Says Sal Esquivel wants a 5 percent state sales tax on groceries.
 Says Texas voters are being asked to act this November on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes.
 The cap-and-trade bill before Congress prevents you from selling your home without the permission of the EPA administrator.
 Say Matt Wand cut Troutdale police, created a slush fund for himself.
 In the past two years, Democrats have spent more money than this country has spent in the last 200 years combined.
 I lost my health insurance and my doctor because of Obamacare.
 Says Tom Barrett supports a government takeover of our health care
 Chris Coons has Marxist beliefs.
 Congressman Kasich wants to use our tax dollars to give secret bonuses to his corporate friends.
 The new health care law will force seniors into Barack Obamas government-run health care program.
 We havent yet taken out a negative ad.
 Says John Kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes.
 Patrick Rose voted to explore a state income tax.
 Says PolitiFact says Amendment 4 will force counties and cities across Florida to raise taxes and fees.
 Dan Gelber: On the record against scholarships to help our needy children attend Jewish private schools.
 Since Rep. John Boccieris election, Ohio has lost 600,000 jobs and his districts unemployment has doubled.
 Under the new health care law, the first person (a) patient has to go to is a bureaucrat. That is called a panel.
 Says over 25 percent of the Texas budget funds services to non-U.S. citizens.
 Says Rick Perry recently said he wanted another (Texas) business tax.
 Ed Perlmutter voted for Viagra for rapists paid for with tax dollars.
 The Taliban has been there for years and years, I mean, hundreds of thousands of years.
 North Dakotas economy is reeling.
 Says state Senate candidate Monk Elmer voted to exceed the (school district property tax) spending caps.
 Says Republican candidates in key Wisconsin Assembly races side with those who want to privatize Social Security -- and risk our retirements on Wall Street.
 Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Scott Walker increased his own pay by $50,000.
 Vows to keep Georgias race for governor civil and focused on the positive.
 Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly.
 Pres. Obamas finance team is recommending a . . . 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
 Said they reached a power-sharing agreement with Republican Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle
 Rebuilding three high schools will benefit 40 percent of Portland Public School students.
 President Obama, Sen. Harry Reid and Rep. Nancy Pelosi passed a $1.2 trillion stimulus bill.
 Theres talk in Congress now about basically confiscating your private 401(k) or IRA plan and rolling it into Social Security to strengthen Social Security.
 Small businesses that have $250,000 in gross sales for the business. Theyre the ones that are looking at massive tax increases.
 The cost-saving measures we put into place at Columbia/HCA drove down national health care inflation from 18% to 8% in seven years.
 This town (Wilmington, Ohio) hasnt taken any money from the government. They dont want any money from the government.
 New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
 In the case of a catastrophic event, the Atlanta-area offices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will self-destruct.
 Governor-elect Scott Walkers opposition to high-speed rail killed 13,000 Wisconsin jobs
 Says Joe Straus was co-author of a bill that would have allowed Planned Parenthood to control public school sex education.
 Already, the mayor of Green Bay is having ribbon-cutting after ribbon-cutting for economic development around the new VA center.
 Those who fail to buy health insurance under Obamacare face the threat of jail time.
 Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000.
 Says the University of Wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its Bowl Championship Series payout on a Rose Bowl junket for politically connected officials
 Youll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the South who fought right alongside white Southerners, during the Civil War.
 Says the states Medicaid waiver proposal has languished in a file cabinet at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for more than two years.
 Unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age 50 to retire.
 Says a Portland school gives Muslim students their own school provided prayer room, prayer rugs, and lets them out of class five times a day to pray to Allah.
 Says a Canadian provincial prime minister came to Ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in Canadian health care which would have endangered his life.
 If the Stamp Farm wind turbine is built, the health risk of flicker impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks, particularly seizures.
 Says getting ex-cons to successfully return to society is important so we are not always faced constantly with recidivism, which is a big problem in the penitentiary today in the 70 to 80 percent range.
 Members of Congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans.
 The governor has made a commitment to billions of dollars in debt and new spending without any explanation of how he plans to pay that money back.
 Says Travis County, home to Austin, is the most liberal county in the United States.
 The last Christians are about to leave Iraq.
 Gov. Scott Walker hired convicted Assembly Speaker Scott Jensen to oversee a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance the state budget.
 The city building code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues; within the households, its fine.
 Four state Assembly Democrats scored a death blow to northeast Wisconsins economy by killing hundreds of jobs at a potential Bass Pro Shops near Green Bay.
 Gov. Scott Walker and the Republican-controlled state legislature have added over $140 million in new special interest spending
 Congressman Robert Hurt has a plan to cut education by 40 percent.
 Foreign Trade Zones allow U.S. land to be inhabited by Chinese communists -- communists straight from China! They are to set up little towns and live here.
 Says Wendys founder Dave Thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate tax.
 The people that went to school with (Barack Obama), they never saw him, they dont know who he is.
 Our children do not spend any time in school learning about our own U.S. Constitution.
 Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has threatened to call out the National Guard if workers protest against changes to bargaining laws.
 Hitler abolished unions and thats what Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is doing today.
 Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers move to limit collective bargaining rights has led to riots at the Capitol -- Its like Cairo has moved to Madison these days.
 Welfare programs caused more long-term damage to Detroit than the atomic bomb caused to Hiroshima
 Says under his budget-repair bill, collective bargaining is fully intact.
 We dont have bars on campus in Texas. Its against the law... no alcohol allowed.
 Unfortunately we have documented instances where people defecated in the (Statehouse) building.
 Says that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output.
 Says Michelle Obama has 43 people on her staff; Nancy Reagan had just 3.
 Says Sheldon Whitehouse said on Senate floor: Everybody in Rhode Island who disagrees with me about Obamacare is an Aryan, is a white supremacist.
 As part of efforts to rein in protesters, Republicans in Wisconsin have bolted windows inside the Capitol shut.
 Says union bosses bused protesters to aCentral Florida education protest.
 Damage by protesters to the Wisconsin state Capitol will cost $7.5 million to repair.
 Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed.
 Roughly 25% of RI has a criminal record
 Says the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act adopted last year contains a series of slush funds, set up to stay on the books automatically, with little or no oversight.
 Said Planned Parenthoods early objective was to help kill black babies before they came into the world.
 A report in Navy Times said that 7.3 percent of Army, Navy and Marines have thought about attempting suicide.
 Says protesters at the Wisconsin state Capitol on the night the state Senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his car.
 Says Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburgs record as a state Justice Department lawyer consists only of the prosecution of cases regarding regulation of docks.
 Woonsocket needs a garbage-burning power plant because residents are paying through the nose for electricity thats fueled by foreign oil, at prices that are skyrocketing.
 Withheld union dues fund half of Dem (Democratic) campaigns in Florida.
 One. Thats the number of new drilling permits under the Obama administration since they came into office.
 PolitiFact Wisconsin concluded that the charge that Justice Prosser prejudges matters that come before the court is True.
 Says Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg put an 80-year-old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm.
 Says Gov. Rick Scott lost Florida 331,247 jobs.
 Weve lost 26 million jobs since (Obamas) been president.
 ﻿Says JoAnne Kloppenburgs side had a 3-to-1 money advantage in the Wisconsin Supreme Court campaign.
 Says that while his plan would narrow the time for early voting, it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in America.
 Says Congressman Eric Cantor wants to eliminate Social Security.
 Seniors will have to find $12,500 for health care because Republicans voted to end Medicare.
 Says it probably costs more than $300,000 to run for a seat on the Pedernales Electric Cooperative board of directors.
 President Obama was raised Muslim.
 After the U.S.-led military alliance ejected Saddam Husseins forces from Kuwait in 1991, the Kuwaitis never paid us.
 CNN did a poll recently where Obama and I are statistically tied.
 Says the hospital listed on Barack Obamas just-publicized long-form birth certificate denies the president was born there.
 Benzene has never been proven to be harmful.
 The people of Rhode Island dont want same-sex marriage.
 Promotes a chart saying that Barack Obama has increased the debt by 16 percent, compared to George W. Bush, who increased it by 115 percent.
 Says that had E-Verify been in place in Florida when 9/11 terrorists lived here, we might have saved the lives of 3,000 Americans.
 Says people in Africa literally walk two and three hundred miles in order to vote.
 The $1.8 billion in [transportation] bonding, we dont have a repayment mechanism.
 Very, very, very few people get a pat-down when they go through airport security.
 Because Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a 30-bill job creation package, New Jersey ranks 50th in the nation in job creation.
 President Obamas health care law represents a government takeover of health care.
 Multnomah Countys food action plan clearly plans to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of choice.
 Members of Congress receive full pay retirement after serving one term.
 The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs.
 Next year, you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs.
 Unions dont have to comply with Obamacare.
 The Central Falls School system spent $100,000 on a time clock.
 Says his barehanded catch posted on YouTube is real.
 Obesity kills 34 children per hour.
 I did not say that I would not have them [Muslims] in my Cabinet.
 Michigan and Massachusetts raised their bottle deposit and could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were so high there was no profit in there.
 House Republicans required the use of Styrofoam cups in House cafeterias that are part of Koch Industries.
 Says the Ohio Consumers Council office employs 74 lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication.
 Were going to be looking at $8 billion a day that were going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that were going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf.
 Says that PolitiFact Ohio confirms that Betty Sutton maxed out federal debt
 A few months into office, (President Barack Obama) traveled around the globe to apologize for America.
 We are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy.
 Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan promised to end health care for our seniors.
 Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
 Its just crazy that the government will ... make it illegal to use the old [incandescent] bulbs.
 The WIC program is an incredibly cost effective program, serving nearly 10 million Americans each year and costing less than $100 per person. In my district, more than 18 percent of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on WIC to make ends meet.
 Phil Puckett voted no on sending the EPA a message that theyve gone too far not once, but twice.
 Says Wisconsins 2011-13 state budget contains no fee increases
 Says that President Obama said, Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?
 Says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
 Former Atlanta Public Schools Superintendent Beverly Hall left the school district significantly better than she found it.
 Protesters caused $7.5 million in damage to the Wisconsin State House
 What I have done -- and this is unprecedented ... is Ive said to each agency ... look at regulations that are already on the books and if they dont make sense, lets get rid of them.
 There are 30,000 people that have been killed with seat belts.
 Says state Sen. Sheila Harsdorf wants to eliminate Medicare as we know it.
 Says a Senate resolution would restore $140 in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime.
 The Atlanta streetcar is expected to create 930 jobs during construction, totaling more than 5,600 jobs over the next 20 years.
 Virginia state employees pay nothing toward their pensions.
 A clause hidden in the Obamacare bill, which is now law, gives Obama the right to form a private army.
 We spend less on defense today as % of GDP than at any time since Pearl Harbor.
 Says Wisconsin Senate recall candidate Jessica King voted to increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by 63 percent.
 Says he helped bring Uline company to Kenosha area, creating 800 local jobs.
 Says Sen. Robert Cowles, her recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors with no oversight.
 Says Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel supports allowing the United States to default on its obligations.
 Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch, her recall opponent, voted to allow public school employees to use taxpayer dollars to pick up the tab forViagra.
 Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus spending -- Part II.
 There was a loss of eight million jobs during the Bush eight years.
 Two elections in a row (Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus) has screwed up counting the vote
 The results of Atlanta Public Schools 2010 and 2011 CRCT tests have not been questioned.
 Were inches away from no longer having a free economy.
 Say Ohio Reps. Marcia Fudge, Marcy Kaptur and Dennis Kucinich are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
 Say Oregon Reps. Peter DeFazio and Earl Blumenauer are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
 Say Texas U.S. Reps. Eddie Bernice Johnson and Sheila Jackson Lee are among open Socialists in Congress.
 Says Florida U.S. Reps. Corrine Brown, Alcee Hastings and Frederica Wilson are Socialists.
 U.S. Reps. Hank Johnson, John Lewis and other members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
 Say New Jersey Reps. Donald Payne and Frank Pallone are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
 Says President Barack Obama delivered $2 billion to Brazil to help with offshore drilling projects.
 A new college tuition reciprocity agreement with Minnesota makes college education more affordable for Wisconsin residents.
 (U.S. Reps.) Paul Ryan, Sean Duffy and Reid Ribble are shutting down town hall meetings, or making their constituents pay to attend them.
 Mayor Fung wants to punish our childrens education by removing 12 million dollars from current funding to pay for his private charter school. Your taxes would increase by between 6 and 8 percent per year.
 President Barack Obama has virtually no one in his cabinet with private-sector experience.
 Says Rick Perry is spending more money than the state takes in, covering his deficits with record borrowing.
 Wisconsin is broke, and state government is $3 billion in debt.
 The Massachusetts health care plan dealt with 8 percent of our population, far less than the 100 percent of American people affected by President Barack Obamas health care law.
 The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
 Says our taxes have doubled with Rick Perry in office.
 Despite opposition from national Club for Growth, Club for Growth Wisconsin has endorsed him for U.S. Senate.
 The first round of stimulus ... it created zero jobs.
 Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is denying Democrats the right to vote.
 The federal government has not engaged in (border security) at all.
 President Obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times.
 President Obama went around the world and apologized for America.
 Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to confuse the 2012 re-election campaigns.
 Appalachian Power Company is making record profits.
 Say water fluoridation started in Nazi Germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the Jews.
 The IRS is already planning on 19,500 new employees to administer Obamas health care mandate.
 Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was right that President Barack Obamas health care bill created what would, in effect, be death panels.
 The stimulus created zero jobs.
 If a President Romney got a call from the president of the (Mormon church), he has no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country.
 Says the national heath care reform is a government takeover of health care.
 Congressional Republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics, but zero on job creation.
 Barack Obama is the First President to terminate Americas ability to put a man in space.
 Under Barack Obamas watch, we have expended $805 billion to liberate the people of Iraq and, more importantly, 4,400 American lives.
 If [Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed] wants to be like Bull Connor, then so be it.
 They talk about this problem with binding arbitration. It doesnt make a lot of sense to me to have somebody from Los Angeles fly into Zanesville and impose a wage settlement on you ... and then theyre on the plane back to Los Angeles.
 China is trying to develop nuclear capability.
 Corrupt political bosses. Money laundering. Fraud. Its just another day at the office for Vin Gopal.
 An independent payment advisory board created by in the health care reform law is like a Medicare IRS with the power to cut Medicare in order to pay for new government programs.
 Says Barack Obama had huge majorities in Congress during his first two years in office and did nothing with them to create jobs in America.
 Says that Sen. Sherrod Brown is out there egging on a lot of these protesters who are spitting on policemen and going to the bathroom on policemens cars at these protests on Wall Street and other places.
 Eighty-five percent . . . of Rhode Island tax returns that were filed for the year 2010 . . . were from individuals who earned $30,000 or less.
 The Republicans have never done anything really to balance the budget.
 Says Barack Obama said, If we keep talking about the economy, were going to lose.
 While CEOs of some large charities have big salaries, the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free.
 People can use food stamps for anything, including to go to Hawaii, and even millionaires can qualify.
 Sen. Sherrod Brown has chosen to side with Washington bureaucrats and fringe extremists in the attacks on our natural resources.
 Says the congressional ethics investigation against him was conducted by a very partisan political committee in a way that related more to the politics of the Democratic Party than to ethics.
 When the country was founded, Congress had exactly the same attitude about the sanctity of Christmas celebrations that a 7-Eleven does today: Yeah, were open.
 99% of NJ voters do NOT support hunting.
 Says Mitt Romney, as governor of Massachusetts, put into place socialized medicine.
 What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!
 Eric Holder is supportive of the NAACPs efforts to get the United Nations involved in our elections.
 Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obamas past, saying they knew him, attended school with him, was his friend, etc.? Not one person has ever come forward from his past.
 Says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all government sponsored enterprises.
 After the debate that we had last week, PolitiFact came out and said that everything I said was true.
 Says Texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner.
 No federal official at any level is currently allowed to say Merry Christmas.
 Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker eliminated cancer screenings for uninsured women and offered no alternatives.
 Says kids who start in the ninth grade in the city of Newark this past September, 23 percent of them will graduate in four years.
 Shes voted for 60 tax increases, hurting the middle class and small businesses.
 When [Mitt Romney] was the governor of Massachusetts, he performed 100 and Im not sure this number is right, but my mind says its about 180 gay marriages.
 Freshman Rep. Bob Gibbs is spending his one year anniversary on vacation only working 6 days in all of January.
 Congressman Scott DesJarlais is spending his one year anniversary on vacation -- only working 6 days in all of January.
 Were only inches away from no longer being a free economy.
 Says President Barack Obama is a socialist.
 Rick Santorum says Rick Perry requested 1,200 earmarks as governor of Texas.
 Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel and every other country to zero.
 Says Newt Gingrich co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting Chinas brutal one-child policy.
 Says Barack Obama began his presidency going on a worldwide apology tour.
 David Dewhurst has a record of promoting an income tax.
 Says the D.C.citycouncilpasseda lawbanninglethalrat trapping.
 [The] ACLU and atheists in Denver are demanding the NFL stop [Tim Tebow] from praying on the sidelines.
 The U.S. military is at risk of losing its military superiority because our Navy is smaller than its been since 1917. Our Air Force is smaller and older than any time since 1947.
 PolitiFact Oregon gave Rob Cornilles a Pants on Fire for a claim about taxes and fees.
 Rep. David Cicilline is responsible for the federal loan guarantee to Solyndra, the failed solar company
 Newt Gingrich says electric co-ops and credit unions are government-sponsored enterprises like Freddie Mac.
 Nearly half of all persons under 30 did not go to work today.
 AIDS was transmitted to humans because one guy had sex with a monkey and then started having sex with men.
 Says abortion is the most common surgery in our country.
 Says Texas legislators in 2011 increased state spending on education.
 Says the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency brought coyotes into the state to try to keep the deer population down.
 If you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8 percent sales tax on it.
 The U.S. Census believes that by 2030 the majority of Americans will use Spanish as their first language.
 Says he was exonerated in every single case in 1990s ethics violations charges.
 A 10-year state program that created 202 jobs at a cost of $247,000 per job was approved by former Gov. Jim Doyle.
 Newt Gingrich co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting Chinas brutal one-child policy.
 Says in the last 20 years, the French have not stood by the United States on foreign policy.
 Says Texas retained the right to have a navy when it joined the United States.
 Today gasoline hit $6 a gallon in Florida.
 Says for the duration of this recession not a single person in government middle management has lost (a) job or taken a pay cut.
 Make no mistake -- Sherrod Brown is one of the main D.C. politicians responsible for Ohio jobs moving to China.
 Says in the 2012 State of the Union address, President Obama didnt even mention the deficit or debt.
 Says her accomplishments include a fiscally responsible budget agreement that controls state spending.
 Ronald Reagans philosophy of peace through strength is why the Iranians released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour that Reagan was sworn in.
 Says the Wisconsin Republican Party tweeted Happy International Womens Day! You ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions.
 President Barack Obamas policies have forced many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts.
 An independent payment advisory board created by the health care reform law can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments.
 This (Independent Payment Advisory Board) board can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments so Washington can fund more wasteful spending.
 President Barack Obama is ending Medicare as we know it.
 The new Hartsfield-Jackson international terminal was on time and on budget.
 Says under the new health care law the patient-doctor relationship will be eliminated.
 A bill that could restrict free speech when the president is nearby was signed by President Barack Obama in secret.
 Says Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel first claimed bank fraud in June 2010 but did nothing for more than a year while raising money for his (Republican) Senate campaign.
 The ACLU has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely.
 Obama tells Russia that hell turn over Americas defense system to them if re-elected.
 In April 1997, there was a gas out conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight.
 Says Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie made a late-night visit to Kinkos to forge President Barack Obamas birth certificate two days before Obama unveiled it to the media.
 President Obamas refusal to grant permits for offshore drilling is one reason gasoline prices are soaring.
 The 2011 Legislature did not cut Texas public school funding.
 Sen. Sherrod Browns vote helped pass Barack Obamas job-killing health care law, which slapped small businesses throughout Ohio with a $500 billion tax increase.
 I have always said that I would be for drilling.
 Why was there no news coverage of this raid on the Arizona border? Seizure was just five days ago. Right on the Arizona border!
 President Barack Obama has doubled the size of government since he took office.
 About 78 to 81 House Democrats are members of the Communist Party. ... Its called the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
 Says there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of Texas homestead exemption for seniors and the disabled.
 Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget calls for raising property taxes by nearly $500 billion.
 Nobody is leaving Memphis. Thats a myth.
 Bank of America could create 878,300 jobs with benefits if they spent their 2010 bonuses on job creation.
 Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as $1.2 billion to a solar company thats building a plant in Mexico.
 Says that Rep. Betty Sutton would rather riot with Occupy (Wall Street) than stand up for Ohio families.
 Says Marcy Kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the Air Force, showing disrespect for veterans.
 Says in regard to providing more tax cuts for the rich, Bill Pascrell said, Republicans had great ideas. I liked some of their ideas.
 20 million people could lose their current coverage including our senior citizens who are on Medicare.
 Says President Barack Obamas finance team is recommending a 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
 Hartsfield-Jacksons new international terminal is opening within budget.
 Gov. Scott Walker is helping pay for the criminal defense of a man accused of boy rape.
 Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are negotiating with the United Nations about doing a treaty that will ban the use of firearms.
 Claims credit for food tax reductions that previous Democrat regimes refused to make.
 Says Democratic legislators this year dont want to cut your taxes under any circumstances.
 Sherrod Brown gave huge bonuses to executives.
 Sherrod Brown sent billions of our tax dollars to foreign countries.
 Ted Cruz helps run two national organizations that have been leading the push to give amnesty to illegal immigrants.
 Says Larry Taylor gave in-state tuition to illegal immigrants.
 Scott Walker has a plan to privatize state lands and wants to sell our deer to the highest bidder.
 Says Barack Obama is a socialist.
 Says GOP U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin voted twice to end Medicare.
 People who wash cars at home will use approximately 80 percent more water than they do in a car wash.
 Federal health care reforms amounted to the government takeover of health care.
 Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals.
 Says Barack Obama admits hes coming for our guns, telling Sarah Brady, We are working on (gun control), but under the radar.
 Says 97 cents of every dollar played represents over $500 million dollars that is returned to Oregonians every year to help support job creation, schools, state parks and watersheds.
 Theres no wildlife in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
 More than 43 percent of all food stamps are given to illegals.
 Says Barack Obama and his team are socialists in every respect of the word.
 Says a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, All this for a damn flag.
 In the last 10 years, only one piece of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by John Duncan Jr.
 Says Obamacare is the largest middle-class tax increase in history.
 Gov. Bill Haslam is making our Economic Development department Sharia compliant by hiring a woman who specializes in Sharia compliance. Thats what her job is.
 Obamacare is . . . the largest tax increase in the history of the world.
 The Affordable Care Act will likely go down as the biggest tax increase in history.
 States still face a mandate to expand Medicaid coverage under President Obamas health care reform law.
 A company with 20 employees could go out of business because of health care law requirements to buy insurance.
 Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Sean Duffys Republican Majority.
 Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Jim Renaccis Republican majority.
 Obamacarerepresents the largest tax increase in the history of the world.
 Says his patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicine.
 The health care law imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class.
 Says President Barack Obama doubled the national debt, which had taken more than two centuries to accumulate, in one year.
 Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Scott DesJarlaiss (TN-04) Republican Majority.
 President Obamas health care law says when you sell your house now you have to pay a 3.8 percent tax.
 Medicare insurance premiums will be rising to $120.20 per month in 2013 and $247.00 per month in 2014.
 Says raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other residents is not a tax increase. Its a tax shift.
 The media wont publish a real photo of Trayvon Martin with tattoos on his face.
 Says U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy is among seven Tea Party freshmen who spent an average of $15,000 on cars for themselves.
 Says its not accidental that the villain in the Batman movie is named Bane.
 Says Donna Campbell is pushing a 35 percent sales tax extending to medicine, groceries and real estate.
 When Josh Mandel claims to have accepted three debates with Sen. Sherrod Brown, he is lying. He has accepted ZERO proposed debates.
 The health care law includes a 3.8% sales tax on all real estate transactions.
 Says Mitt Romney backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest.
 Says Barack Obama counted on Sandy Adams to approve stimulus spending.
 Says millions of dollars in tax breaks were paid for by busting unions, cutting BadgerCare, and raising taxes on the poor and the middle class, thanks to Elizabeth Coggs help.
 Says Mitt Romney did not pay taxes for 10 years.
 Says the federal government mandates transexuals (sic) and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger-danger zones in the name of airport security.
 Under Obamas plan (for welfare), you wouldnt have to work and wouldnt have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check.
 As Florida secretary of state, Kurt Browning allowed 1,800 illegal voters to register in Florida.
 Says Josh Mandel bet against Ohio families
 Says Reps. Rush Holt, Frank Pallone and Bill Pascrell are willing to jeopardize seniors access to coverage by gutting $741 billion from Medicare to pay for a big-government healthcare takeover.
 Says One of the states largest governments made charging this tax one of their top priorities just this year.
 Says that Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam has made it clear by his repeated actions that he will pursue a policy that promotes the interest of Islamist (sic) and their radical ideology as long as he is governor.
 Says President Obama has waived the work requirement for welfare.
 U.S. military uniforms are manufactured in China.
 The Obama administration even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!
 Barack Obama began his presidency with an apology tour.
 Says Barack Obama is a Muslim.
 Sen. Bob Menendez voted to enact a new tax on the sale of homes of 3.8%.
 Says she was misquoted and didnt say that the Israeli ambassador said what the Republicans are doing is dangerous for Israel.
 An aide acted on his own and was not representing the Thompson campaign when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin.
 Says Illinois Democrat David Gill would end Medicare.
 This would be the largest casino in the United States.
 Portland Schools spend $500K to deem PBJ sandwiches racist.
 Says Mitt Romneys investments created zero jobs.
 Redistribution has never been a characteristic of America.
 Says Obama sent $450 million to China to build a wind farm in Texas.
 Barack Hussein Obama will ... force courts to accept Islamic Sharia law in domestic disputes.
 Barack Hussein Obama will force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies.
 Barack Hussein Obama will ... force local authorities to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks.
 Less than 10 percent of President Barack Obamas Cabinet members have private-sector experience.
 U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse rewarded Wall Street executives with millions in bonuses.
 Virginia papers called (Scott) Rigells campaign Mostly False.
 (Barack Obama) says hes going to reduce the long-term debt and deficit by $4 trillion, doesnt say how hes going to do it.
 I never supported a state income tax for Texas.
 Says Paul Ryans budget plan ends Medicare.
 Says Mitt Romney plans to fire Big Bird.
 Under President Obama: $4,000 tax hike on middle-class families.
 Says Barack Obama began his presidency with an apology tour.
 If Buehler were elected, our vote-by-mail system would be at risk.
 Sheldon Whitehouse voted for a $525-billion tax increase on the middle class.
 Says Barack Obama sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps in China at the cost of American jobs.
 Sheldon Whitehouse [got] a secret closed-door briefing, warning of the [2008 economic] crash.
 An Obama campaign tactic for rallying voters is to offer them cell phones.
 Says I was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney.
 If you and I fail to defund ObamaCare now, some 16,000 new IRS agents will be begin prying into our private medical records, eyeing each and every one of our treatments and prescriptions for violations.
 In one county alone in Ohio, President Obama received 106,258 votes. But there were only 98,213 eligible voters.
 Says the Obama administration plans to ban all weapons for U.S. citizens through international treaties.
 Wisconsin has created just under 100,000 jobs since he took office.
 Switzerland (where the government) issues every household a gun . . . has the lowest gun related crime rate of any civilized country in the world!!!
 Says 11 states have more people on welfare than employed.
 Our numbers are going up at the airport.
 Members of Congress specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed, such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment ... (and) from the healthcare reform.
 Members of Congress can retire with the same pay after only one term in office
 Says his plan to raise car registration to $56 would still leave Virginia with a fee thats equal to or lower than most states.
 We just had someone last week in Neenah near a school kill someone with a bow and arrow.
 Says Chris Christies plan to kick-start our economy is to propose an income tax cut that disproportionately benefits the wealthy, and...hes still proposing it.
 Except for Virginia, the other 49 states keep raising their gas tax.
 Religious groups like Knights of Columbus have been forced to allow same-sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities, against their beliefs.
 Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., celebrates gun ownership even in the face of school shootings.
 Wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in 2012 but got paid for a whole year.
 Statistics show one male cat can father 420,000 kittens in five years.
 Says Chuck Hagels nomination as defense secretary has been publicly celebrated by the Iranian government.
 Theres more murders with hammers last year than...shotguns and pistols and AK-47s.
 There are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns.
 The National Science Foundation spent $1.2 million paying seniors to play World of Warcraft to study the impact it had on their brain.
 The National Rifle Association was founded by religious leaders who wanted to protect freed slaves from the Ku Klux Klan.
 A report by the US General Accountability Office (GAO) in 2008 found that the disposal of Katrina wastes by AshBritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the Gulf Coast and two new Superfund sites in New Orleans.
 U.S. Rep. Scott Rigell wants gun owners in a federal registration system.
 Theres no plan from Senate Democrats or the White House to replace the sequester.
 Says Gov. Rick Scott cut more government jobs than were created in the private sector in Florida in 2012.
 Says Kurt Schrader supports Obamas sequester but wont cut $1.6 million to fund new video games.
 Scientists tell us that we could have a cure in 10 years for Alzheimers were it not for overzealous regulators, excessive taxation and greedy litigators.
 Of every three dollars in food stamps for the needy, seven dollars in salaries and pensions (go to) the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor.
 Says the Democrats told the Catholic Church that theyll use federal powers to shut down church charities and hospitals if the church doesnt change its beliefs.
 Q: What do these Patriotic Americans have in common? A: They are all Draft Dodgers.
 Says that his transportation budget and Ohio Turnpike plan would make sure we have lower tolls than weve had through the history of the turnpike.
 College students who are NOT U.S. Citizens and who get the PELL Grant plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas cards and child care.
 In 2012, 1 in 4 Wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the Department of Public Instructions recent report cards and are failing the children they serve.
 Says he has yet to get a response from Barack Obama to his August 2010 letter making border security requests.
 Gov. Scott Walker (is) more than halfway to (his) 250,000 jobs goal.
 Nearly 40,000 new jobs have been created in the last year due to the new wells . . . right here in Ohio.
 The working tax cut created over 40,000 new jobs in just the last four years.
 Science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem.
 New Virginia regulations on abortion clinics provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices.
 Accuses Ed FitzGerald of pay-to-play and corruption politics.
 Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev is buried not far from President Kennedys grave.
 The IRS is going to be in charge of a huge national database on health care that will include Americans personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets.
 Says Gov. John Kasich implied that a portion of workers compensation rebates to employers should be directed back to him in the form of campaign cash.
 Says the word Dhimmitude is on page 107 of the health care law and means Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance.
 Says two-thirds of groups targeted for IRS scrutiny were not conservative.
 Says At age 76 when you most need it, you are not eligible for cancer treatment under Affordable Care Act.
 Under Republican-backed state budget, the state education agency estimates expansion of Wisconsins school voucher program could cost nearly $2 billion annually
 Says abortion increases the risk of breast cancer.
 A hidden provision in Obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
 The United States has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent thats happening in Syria.
 Rhode Island didnt ratify the 13th Amendment to the Constitution to pay federal income taxes. So Rhode Island doesnt even have to pay federal income taxes.
 The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is transparent.
 U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey wants public schools to teach women to stay in their place.
 Says a rape kit can be used to clean out women, basically like dilation and curettage.
 Says Florida didnt offer special incentives to Deutsche Bank, which announced it will add 300 jobs in Florida.
 The immigration bill includes free Obamacars, motorcycles or scooters.
 Says Arkansas Republican Rep. Tom Cotton voted to provide Congress with taxpayer-funded health care for life.
 Private prison systems are calculating how many new beds (they will need) based on the ... number of third graders.
 Says Ohio budget item later signed into law by Gov. John Kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a mandatory vaginal probe.
 Abortion is the second-most conducted surgical procedure in this country.
 Says if Texas abortion measure passes, someone living in El Paso would have to drive 550 miles each way to San Antonio for something as simple as cervical cancer screening.
 Obamacare will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally.
 In Providence, R.I., its illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a Sunday.
 The president by executive order could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation.
 U.S. Department of Homeland Security has told banks -- in writing -- it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold, silver, guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes!
 A hidden provision in the health care law taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
 Says an investigative report concluded Ken Cuccinelli should have been prosecuted for disclosure violations, but Virginias law was too weak.
 Under Obamacare, 75 percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours.
 Says some Austin school district classrooms lack electrical outlets.
 I was banned from talking about Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign.
 Under Obamacare, The IRS will have access to the American peoples protected health care information.
 A United Nations working group has adopted a proposed agenda to enable member nations to disarm civilians within their borders.
 Obamacare provision will allow forcedhome inspections by government agents.
 Americas gun-related homicide rate would be about the same as Belgiums if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S.
 Says Gov. Scott Walker hasnt done a public event this entire year.
 An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was dragged through the streets and abused.
 The United States stood alone in the war in Iraq.
 Warren Buffett recently said Scrap Obamacare and Start All Over.
 Obamacare will question your sex life.
 Warren Buffett says stop Obamacare now and start over.
 Ken Cuccinelli tried to shut down state government.
 Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month.
 In a sweetheart deal members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges.
 Says a man opted out of Obamacare after the marketplace launched on Oct. 1, 2013, and was informed he owed a $4,000 fine.
 Were one of the only communities in the country that didnt lose population in the last census.
 No doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare.
 A $10 million fire fee proposal in St. Petersburg was inspired by Gov. Rick Scott.
 About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine dont work.
 The White House had a live video feed of the Benghazi attacks as they occurred.
 Congressional lawmakers earn their salaries FOR LIFE, which for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would add up to $803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical.
 The goal of Common Core is to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs.
 Wisconsin sold fresh water to California, helping that states dairy industry, and lost a bunch of jobs (and) a bunch of farmland.
 Texas Governor Rick Perrys voter ID law is a blatant effort to defeat Wendy Davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters.
 Soldiers Donating to Tea Party Now Face Punishment Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
 Says Ken Cuccinelli wants to eliminate all forms of birth control.
 With a bill bringing $100 million in property tax relief, the typical Wisconsin homeowner will save approximately $680 over four years.
 If I have affordable coverage in my workplace, Im not eligible to go into the marketplace. ... Its illegal.
 Says Barack Obama knew half of the population of the United States would lose their health insurance.
 What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasnt changed since the law passed.
 Says the Obama administration is handing out a pamphlet titled, What To Do When The Veteran In Your Classroom Attempts A Mass Shooting
 Barack Obamas Columbia University ID says he was a foreign student and went by Barry Soetoro.
 The Earth is not warming.
 Obamacare Medical Codes Confirm: Execution by Beheading To Be Implemented in America.
 Why would our president close the embassy to the Vatican? Hopefully, it is not retribution for Catholic organizations opposing Obamacare.
 The fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it, that kind of gets me sauced.
 Back door gun control is in full effect in the United States due to Obamas Environmental Protection Agency.
 Says Vladimir Putin said, President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy.
 School children can earn higher grades by studying Islam under a new nationwide Muslim outreach program announced by President Barack Obama.
 By the word religion in the First Amendment, the founders meant Christianity.
 Action by the Milwaukee County Board will provide the County Executive with the same level of security as the Governor and the Mayor of Milwaukee while saving taxpayers $300,000.
 Earlier this year, [John DePetro] was accused of sexually assaulting a female co-worker.
 Says the media created the term polar vortex and the cold air proves the ice isnt melting.
 Scott Walkers income tax plan is a tax hike. It increases taxes for nearly 80% of the people in the state.
 Oregon Rep. Tina Kotek, D-Portland, has never held a job nor run a business
 The average rate of fraud in the Earned Income Tax Credit, Medicare, Medicaid and food stamps programs is 20 to 25 percent.
 25% of human trafficking victims are located in Texas.
 During the lead-up to the American Revolutionary War, some guy in Boston got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea.
 Monica Wehby and Jason Conger are causing devastating consequences for nearly 23,000 Oregonians looking for work.
 Says Nancy Pelosi said, Waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends!
 Forty years ago, hardly anybody in the country had health insurance.
 John Cornyn voted twice in 2013 to back Obamas amnesty plan.
 The Republican leadership in the House has refused to address the issues that matter the most to Rhode Island, such as passing a jobs bill.
 A friends sister died from Obamacare becauseBlue Shield completely just pulled out of California.
 Says President BarackObama has issued upwards of 1,000 executive orders, more than any modern president.
 Says Michele Bachmann said English was good enough for Jesus when he wrote the Bible.
 A YouGov.com poll shows 71 percent of Obama voters regret voting for him.
 Mitch McConnell voted with Harry Reid to infringe on our gun rights.
 A photo from the Russia-Finland hockey game shows a sad Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev.
 Under current policies, were going to reduce the overall debt of the United States by $3 trillion over the next 10 years.
 Ive been a cop in Lake County, Michigan, since 1982 thereabout. I conduct federal raids with the DEA and ATF and U.S. Marshals and the FBI and Texas Rangers.
 Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin unemployments up from 4.8% to 6.2%
 Says Marco Rubio believes the earth is 9,000 years old and that humans hunted dinosaurs to extinction; says Rand Paul believes the earth is 10,000 years old and God removed dinosaurs to make space for humans.
 Says President AbrahamLincoln tried to arm the slaves.
 Says President Barack Obama told a room of students, Children, every time I clap my hands together, a child in America dies from gun violence, and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more.
 President Barack Obama spent $5 billion paying Ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elected government.
 Reporters rehearse questions with White House press (secretary).
 A company hired to do Common Core testing in Florida will attract every one of your children to become as homosexual as they possibly can.
 Wisconsin wages are declining at double the rate of other states.
 Says Rep. Michele Bachmann said President Barack Obama might be to blame for the Fort Hood shootings.
 Because the EPA closed a lead smelter in Missouri, all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas!
 Says Michelle Obama waved red communist flags on her trip to China.
 Says Bruce Braley took tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry and gave them special favors by voting for Obamacare.
 Dan Patrick changed his name from Danny Goeb to hide from his debts.
 The Bundy Ranch deal is all about Nevada Sen. Harry Reid using federal violence to take peoples land in his state so he can package it to re-sell it to the Chinese.
 Says gubernatorial candidate Clay Pell hasnt spent a dime on advertising.
 The Constitution simply does not authorize the federal government to own any of this land (in the Western states).
 Says Charlie Crists campaign bashedSen. Bill Nelsons big-government solutions.
 Over 300K home owner suicides attributed to foreclosures.
 Says Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is a Democrat.
 Residential property taxes [in Providence] are up nearly 27 percent under Mayor Taveras.
 Jules Bailey was instrumental in creating the Business Energy Tax Credit that let companies like Wal-Mart profit by $11 million while costing the Oregon general fund $33 million.
 Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a liberal who voted with Nancy Pelosi to fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes and to regulate the sale of firearms.
 Florida Democrats just voted to impose Sharia law on women.
 For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage.
 There are over 200 documented cases where (Obama) has lied.
 Wendy Davis raised money for a U.S. House Democrat who is a member of a Democratic socialists group.
 Wendy Davis was just doing a fund-raiser in Chicago with the international socialists organization.
 No Republicans voted for recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. These taxes were all passed under Obamacare.
 Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run
 Solar panels drain the suns energy.
 Obamacare is one big fat VA system.
 Says Barack Obama is the only American president who has not visited the D-Day Monument in Normandy on D-Day.
 Ken Block supports Obamacare.
 U.S. Reps. Eric Cantor and Luis Gutierrez were touring the country last year joined at the hip, working together in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform.
 SaysMichele Bachmann said on Fox News, This country could use a president like Benjamin Franklin again.
 Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt.
 Says a picture he posted on Facebook of a man posing in front of five decapitated human heads is one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free.
 Says of flood of non-Mexicans being apprehended at the border: These are people that are coming from states like Syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations.
 Gov. Deal has the worst record on education in the history of this state.
 President Barack Obama is the first president to keep a dog-trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense.
 Barack Obama is the first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect.
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau passed a rule giving the agency unprecedented power to shut down businesses, no matter what the reason, at any time it wishes.
 Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine voted to let the U.N. take OUR guns.
 Obama regime planned the influx of illegal alien children at the border.
 When asked by a reporter whether hes at the center of a criminal scheme to violate campaign laws, Gov. Scott Walker nodded yes.
 NASA scientists fudged the numbers to make 1998 the hottest year to overstate the extent of global warming.
 Global warming is a hoax.
 Says Barack Obama said that ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs and that individuals should surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign.
 Says John Cornyn dodged the draft during the Vietnam War.
 Justice John Roberts Signed Off On Obamas Arrest For Treason.
 In the last three years alone, 13 times, the Supreme Court, unanimously, 9-0, including all of the presidents liberal picks, have struck down the presidents executive orders.
 Amid the crisis at our southern border, there are reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as Ebola virus.
 Although the governor doubled the beach fees . . . all the money, as we found out, is all going to an out-of-state company. The state isnt even getting the money for that.
 Says Ted Cruz was just bribed by the Kochs to introduce a bill that would give them and their allies Americas national forests, parks, and other public lands and open them for mining, drilling, fracking and logging.
 North Korea is telling its people that their mens national team is in the World Cup final.
 Fox News is banned in Canada because it violatesa law thatprevents news channels from lying to their viewers.
 More than 3,000 homicides were committed by illegal aliens over the past six years.
 Says former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that if the workers are more insecure, thats very healthy for the society because theyll serve the masters gladly and passively.
 We know how to stop AIDS: persuade men not to have sex with men.
 Weve had about 3,000 murders in connection with lax border security.
 Women own just 1 percent of the worlds land.
 Im not a conspiracy theorist and I never allow conspiracy theorists on my program.
 Mitt Romney did not run his campaign on the basis of arguing his experience in the business world was a reason to vote for him.
 This administration is slashing the Navy to pay for more Obamacare.
 Says George Soros and Bill Gates are funding a bioweapons lab in Sierra Leone that caused the Ebola outbreak.
 Austin mayoral candidate Mike Martinez takes corporate money.
 President Barack Obamas latest executive order mandates the apprehension and detention of Americans who merely show signs of respiratory illness.
 The United States is at historic record highs of individuals being apprehended on the border from countries with terrorist ties such as Pakistan or Afghanistan or Syria.
 I havent really proposed (phasing out aid to Israel) in the past.
 Obamacare prevents (Florida) from regulating insurance.
 Far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns.
 Says Marilinda Garcia supports $150 billion in new taxes.
 The wife of the Ferguson, Mo., police chief said African-Americans in Ferguson are feral and violent.
 Says the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a confederacy of fools for electing Barack Obama.
 Documents released by Edward Snowden reveal that American, Britishand Israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the Islamic State.
 Says Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad chartered a plane to remove 124 young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to Honduras.
 McDonalds hamburgers are only 15 percent real beef. The other 85 percent is meat filler cleansed with ammonia, which causes stomach and intestinal cancer.
 A Scott Rothstein victim says that he was swindled by Charlie Crist.
 As chair of the Senate Education Committee, I led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from last session.
 Over 73% of all donations raised (from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge) are going to fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations.
 Says Dan Sullivan approved a light sentence for a sex offenderwho got out of prison andis now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault.
 According to recent reports, a group of death panels organized under Obamacare ordered their first execution.
 To deprive underprivileged children of a meat-based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day.
 A flight from Atlanta to Houston was canceled due to a terrorist dry run.
 Recently Rick Scott closed 30 womens health care centers across the state.
 Three of five detainees swapped (for Bowe Bergdahl) are now ISIS leaders.
 Super Bowl Sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence.
 Michelle Nunns own plan says she funded organizations linked to terrorists.
 SaysPresident Obama hijacked the farm bill (and) turned it into a food stamp bill.
 Was Martha Kanter dispatched to Corvallis with $17 million in stimulus money to save Craig Robinsons job?
 Congress includes 36 people accused of spousal abuse, 84 arrested for drunk driving in the past year, 71 with terrible creditand more.
 Says Mary Landrieu voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrants ahead of veterans.
 Greg Abbott and his surrogates have referred to women who have been the victims of rape or incest as though somehow what they are confronting is a minor issue.
 Mary Landrieu voted to take away your gun rights.
 Prayer rugs have recently been found on the Texas side of the border in the brush.
 The non-profit groupFeeding America is lying when it claimsthat one in five kids is fighting starvation daily in the United States.
 Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland voted himself health care for life.
 2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015.
 At least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas and there are dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol.
 According to a government supplier of emergency products, the Disaster Assistance Response Team was told to be prepared to be activated in the month of October for an outbreak of Ebola.
 Elorza wants to teach our public school children about the non-existence of God.
 Says President Barack Obamas recent New York fundraising trip cost between $25 million and $50 million.
 In 2013, Dan Patrick voted against funding to test the backlog of rape kits, allowing rapists to walk free.
 The Affordable Care Act says that at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment. Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patients age.
 If Cory Gardner gets his way, youd better stock up on condoms.
 Congress Approves Bill Offering Free Cars To Welfare Recipients.
 The Kochs stand to make around $100 billion if the government approves the Keystone XL pipeline.
 Loretta Lynch, the new nominee for attorney general, was a member of Bill Clintons defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe.
 Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler has never been active in anything that has to do with City Hall.
 A sign in Dearborn, Mich., for the Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America says, Allah be praised. America we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it.
 Says a man in Ferguson, Mo., was photographed holding a sign that said, No mother should have to fear for her sons life every time he robs a store.
 794 law enforcement officers have fallen in the line of duty since B.H. Obama took office, with no special recognition from the White House.
 Fluoride in the water, that was originally done by the Nazis!
 When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work.
 Texas House Speaker Joe Straus said, I do not care if Wallace Hall swings from a tree.
 Nobody suffered any lasting injuries from the CIA interrogation program.
 Newly Elected Republican Senators Sign Pledge to Eliminate Food Stamp Program in 2015.
 Congress is a very special group of people. More than 80 percent of them never left the United States.
 Says President Barack Obama has said that everybody should hate the police.
 New tax increases that went into effect on Jan.1, 2015, all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare.
 Fox News airs Stuart Scott R.I.P. tribute with picture of Stephen A. Smith.
 There are actual cities like Birmingham, England, that are totally Muslim where non-Muslims just simply dont go in.
 Sheriffs Call For Obamas Lynching While Leader Meets With GOP Senators
 On assault weapon violence: Ducks have more protection than people in Virginia.
 Documents released from the Soviet Union show the Soviet Union started treating President Ronald Reagan more seriously after Reagan fired the air traffic controllers.
 You cannot build a little guy up by tearing a big guy down -- Abraham Lincoln said it.
 The U.S. unemployment rate has been massaged, its been doctored.
 The children coming across the southern U.S. border were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease. They were just sent out across the country. Many of them had measles ... We now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy.
 Fundamental changes made to the language describing the Wisconsin Idea in the University of Wisconsin Systems mission statement were the result of a drafting error.
 A Texas law says that you cant shoot bears out of the second floor of a window.
 Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas said: Hey, all you wrinkly, white-aged has-beens: Its time for you to die and let the next generation have your spot on the planet.
 On climate change, the temperature readings have been fabricated, and its all blowing up in their (scientists) faces.
 Mercury is used in vaccines, and there is no safe level of mercury.
 There is a very identifiable Somali community back home in Delaware.
 Texas this fiscal year will have more money in reserve than the other 49 states combined.
 Recent solar energy policies in Georgia have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more economically viable.
 Creflo Dollar needed a $65 million Gulfstream G650 to carry thousands of pounds of food and other supplies -- as well as the Word of God -- worldwide.
 After actions by Gov. Scott Walker and Republicans, Wisconsin is dead broke.
 Says Gov. Scott Walker has been rated Americas most factually-challenged politician.
 U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy voted to allow members of Congress to receive taxpayer-funded health care for life.
 Says Ted Cruz said, There is no place for gays or atheists in my America. None. Our Constitution makes that clear.
 Says Ted Cruz just flip-flopped about the president needing to be U.S.-born.
 Facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creatingposts related in any way to religion.
 Says President Ronald Reagan had a month of job creation of 1 million.
 Says Hillary Clinton will receive her congressional salary until she dies and the Secret Service pays her mortgage.
 There was a 57-percent decrease in fireworks-related injuries in 2000 [after Connecticut legalized sparklers] compared to the 14 years prior.
 Says Baltimore police are trained by Mossad and Shin Bet.
 The projected revenue from the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight is larger than the annual GDP of 29 different countries.
 Transgender individuals in the U.S. have a 1-in-12 chance of being murdered.
 Were the only nation in the world that does not use the military to secure our border.
 Democrat Russ Feingold announced his Wisconsin Senate run today fromCalifornia.
 During Obamas first five years as president, black unemployment increased 42 percent. During Reagans presidency, black unemployment dropped 20 percent.
 Says Ted Cruz said: While there may have been an age difference, Josh Duggars transgressions are far less an affront to God than what gays do to each other.
 America has already taken in one-fourth of Mexicos entire population.
 The runnerup to Caitlyn Jenner for ESPNs Arthur Ashe Courage Award was Army veteran Noah Galloway, who lost an arm and leg to a roadside bomb in Iraq.
 If you care about the environment, weve got record funding.
 Says the California flag was supposed to be apear, not a bear.
 The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product was below zero. Who ever heard of this? Its never below zero.
 The Civil War wasnt about slavery.
 Says South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is an immigrant.
 Under the Affordable Care Act, anyone on Medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill. Medicare wont pay a cent.
 Aphotograph of 21-year-old Hillary Clinton featured a Confederate battle flag in the background.
 The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country.
 Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt to Buy Rights to Confederate Flag to Prevent Further Use.
 When President AbrahamLincoln signed his Emancipation Proclamation, there were over 300,000 slaveholders who were fighting in the Union army.
 Christian Pastor in Vermont Sentenced to One Year in Prison After Refusing to Marry Gay Couple
 President Barack Obama met with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani.
 The number of illegal immigrants in the United States is 30 million, it could be 34 million.
 Austin is effectively imposing a ban on barbecue restaurants.
 Planned Parenthood is the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, thats their health care.
 Obama spent $7 billion to bring electricity to Africa, failed miserably.
 Says Jill McCabe supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable.
 The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over.
 Says Michele Bachmann said, The Chinese built a Great Wall 5,000 years ago. You dont see any illegal Mexicans in China.
 Says Bobby Jindals parents used his birthright citizenship to become Americans, making him an anchor baby.
 Planned Parenthood is not actually doing womens health issues.
 Denali is the Kenyan word for black power.
 100 percent of the crime is committed, in estimate, by about 15 percent of the population.
 Says Scott Walker said Labor unions dont deserve to have a national holiday due to their damage to the economy. And the holiday should be replaced by Patriots Day, celebrated every year on 9/11.
 Pediatricians have cut down on the number and proximity of vaccines because they recognize there have been too many in too short a period of time.
 You know our current president is (Muslim). You know hes not even an American.
 Honduras bans citizens from owning guns and has the highest homicide rate in the entire world. Switzerland, with a similar population, requires citizens to own guns and has the lowest homicide rate in the entire world.
 Everyone on Californias roads is properly licensed, tested and insured.
 Democratic Sens. Ed Markey, Al Franken and Jeanne Shaheen took Bribes From Iran They Back Insane NUKE Deal.
 The unemployment rate may be as high as 42 percent.
 In 2006, Planned Parenthood performed more prevention services and cancer screenings than abortions, but in 2013, there were more abortions.
 Pope Francis uses a modest compact car to get around, while Creflo Dollar drives an expensive sports car.
 Says Donald Trumps Make America Great Againhats were made in China.
 In the class of 1968 at Patrice Lumumba University in Moscow, Mahmoud Abbas was one of the members of that class, and so was Ali Khamenei. And thats where they first established relationships with the young Vladimir Putin.
 Latina who enthusiastically supported Donald Trump on stage in Las Vegas in October 2015 has been deported.
 Bernie Sanders admits he is a Democratic Socialist. Nazis were Democratic Socialists.
 Says Bernie Sanders is going to tax you people at 90 percent.
 Says Bernie Sanders once said, Instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed, modern society gives them antidepressant drugs.
 Says CNN deleted an online poll showing Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic presidential debate to help out Hillary Clinton.
 Planned Parenthood is nothing more than a referral service. They dont do anything except profit from killing babies and then selling body parts of those aborted babies.
 The president said hes going to bring in 250,000 (Syrian and Iraqi) refugees into this country.
 CNNs Crap Polling is so bad that it shows that no one under the age of 50 has an opinion of Hillary Clinton.
 How is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions (like U.S. Rep. Steven Smith) allowed to serve?
 Says Hillary Clinton told the Des Moines Register on Aug. 8, 2015:I will get the NRA shut down for good if I become president. If we can ban handguns, we will do it.
 Bernie Sanderss plan is to raise your taxes to 90 percent.
 I never said that Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerbergs personal senator.
 Every signer of the Declaration of Independence had no federal elected office experience.
 Says that Starbucks took Christmas off of their brand new cups.
 Obamacare isnt helping anyone.
 The Trans-Pacific Partnership was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone.
 This incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls ... has been supported by zero fact.
 President Barack Obama wants to take in 250,000 (people) from Syria.
 In Japan, permanent residency is not given to Muslims, the propagation of Islam is banned, one cannot import a Koran published in the Arabic language, and Muslims cannot even rent a house.
 While Americans pray for Paris, the government has acted on mandatory national vaccinations.
 The federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are Republicans, not to the Democrats.
 I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as the World Trade Center collapsed.
 Says crime statistics show blacks kill 81 percent of white homicide victims.
 Technically, (Ted Cruz is) not even an American.
 Bicycle ownership drops by half while obesity in Rhode Island rises by 154 percent
 Says Marco Rubio said we should be considering internment of Muslims, and maybe we should close down cafes and diners where Muslims gather and in fact compared them to the Nazi party.
 Says Marco Rubio is the one for an open border.
 Says U.S. Rep. Ted Yoho said African Americans should only be given three-fifths of a vote.
 A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over our southern border.
 While states used to have regulatory power over fishing, federal law now regulates down to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can keep.
 Donald Trump is appealing as much to Democrats as he is to Republicans.
 Until the new Iran deal, China and Russia have never voted with us at the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past.
 Wisconsin dropped from second in the country to 41st among states where more than half the students took the ACT exam.
 Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was no longer under the command of someone weak.
 Says his much-discussed boots are made in Wisconsin.
 Nothing was done. I mean, $25 million was spent, but we dont have that (gun ownership)database.
 Blue Cross Blue Shield cancelled all their individual (health care) policies in the state of Texas, effective Dec. 31.
 Youve been tremendously deceived by people who say the Earth is not flat.
 Bioweapon! Zika virus is being spread by GMO mosquitos (sic)
 Obamacare is the biggest job-killer in this country -- millions of Americans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work.
 This is the true picture of Milwaukees Renaissance after 12 years of Mayor Tom Barretts leadership.
 Says he cured Charlie Sheen and the island of Comoros of HIV with milk from goats, which had arthritis.
 Dont believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The numbers probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.
 Quotes Mark Cuban as saying,I worry that millions of millennials are voting Democrat this year because they fact-check everything.
 Scott Fisher tried to expand Obamacare in Texas and even voted for an official resolution to force 1 million Texans into Obamacare.
 Says Joseph Stalin said if you want to bring America down you, have to undermine three things: our spiritual life, our patriotism and our morality.
 The people that perpetrated that travesty in San Bernardino had never been to the Middle East.
 Says that in the Philippines more than a century ago, Gen. John Pershing took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pigs blood, and shot 49 Muslim rebels. The 50th person, he said, You go back to your people, and you tell them what happened. And for 25 years, there wasnt a problem.
 Says Ted Cruzsaid I was in favor in Libya. I never discussed that subject.
 A couple of debates ago, (Donald Trump) said if you dont support socialized health care, youre heartless.
 I dont know anything about David Duke.
 The right-wing extremists are trying to take this seat so they can push their anti-choice and anti-equality agenda through our State House.
 The fact is voter fraud is rampant.
 An image in a ChrisAbele TV ad depicts wealthy citizens who would benefit from a lake created by the controversial Estabrook Dam.
 The 2016 federal omnibus spending bill funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border, right through Phoenix.
 Out of 67 counties (in Florida), I won 66, which is unprecedented. Its never happened before.
 Says its absurd to say theres enough data to establish a link between playing football and Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy.
 Says Barack Obama was happily photographed holding a T-shirt with revolutionary Ernesto Che Guevaras face on it.
 The Obama administration has even joined Islamist governments in sponsoring a U.N. resolution that would shred our First Amendment by threatening to make discussion of radical Islamism potentially illegal.
 Says that when Michelle Fields found out that there was a security camera, and that they had her on tape, all of a sudden that story changed.
 Im the only candidate in the Democratic primary, or actually on either side, who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against.
 Evidence shows Zika virus turns fetus brains to liquid.
 Says there were over 600 reports of Texas votes for Donald Trump in the states 2016 Republican primary virtually all getting tallied for Marco Rubio.
 Rhode Island: 3% bigger at low tide.
 Statistics show you are about nine times more likely to be assaulted by a taxi driver in Austin than a driver for a ride-hailing service.
 Says Target installed urinals in a womens bathroom to accommodate the ones who have giblets.
 A simple review of the Backrooms health code records will reveal that the restaurant already has a long-standing problem with rodent infestations.
 Today President Obama said there will NOT be a National Day of Prayer in May.
 Says Demond Means, turnaround district superintendent for Milwaukee Public Schools, said the district needs to be gutted.
 Frankly, (Hillary Clinton) doesnt do very well with women.
 Says Ted Cruzs father was with Lee Harvey Oswald before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
 Says Bruce Springsteen only had 8,000 tickets sold for a Greensboro show and canceled after they didnt get the ticket sales they wanted.
 Says Arizona, Missouri and Texas residents have a two-pet limit, so the public must surrender their third pet to the Humane Society.
 The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee has 2.8 students per faculty member, tied for second-lowest in its history since 1994.
 ISIS is running through a border made porous by Barack Obamas policies.
 Says Donald Trump said of women, And you can tell them to go f--- themselves.
 Says Jacky Rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton.
 The Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, threatens global public health.
 The first tweet was sent from Austin.
 It is Hillary Clintons agenda to release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released.
 Look, we are at war with these people and they dont wear uniforms. This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now.
 No one in American history has moved from a June 16 announcement to a May 26 winning of a majority. Trumps achievement is remarkable.
 Says Obama wants to give (Iran) nuclear weapons and Michael Bennet, he was all for it.
 I wanted to keep it private, because I dont think its anybodys business if I want to send money to the vets.
 Says she was the first in her family to go to a four-year college.
 Never mind that no red light camera, no speed camera, nor any radar gun has ever stopped one accident from occurring.
 Crime is rising.
 Says Bernie Sanders wins California landslide, But ⅔ of his votes arent counted.
 The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State.
 Says while serving in the city council, Rachel Zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer-funded junket to China.
 We dont know anything about Hillary in terms of religion. Now, shes been in the public eye for years and years, and yet theres no theres nothing out there.
 Says Ted Cruz never denied his father was photographedwith Lee Harvey Oswald.
 Says Hillary Clinton has even deleted this record of total support (for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) from her book.
 For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America.
 Says Hillary Clinton presided over $6 billion lost at the State Department, sold uranium to the Russians through (her) faux charity, illegally deleted public records, and murdered an ambassador.
 Says Attorney General Loretta Lynch was a member of Bill Clintons defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe.
 I am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said, I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
 The Cleveland police has issued a stand down order to officers.
 Says President Barack Obama is absolutely a Muslim.
 Unemployment numbers are artificial numbers. These are numbers that are massaged to make the existing economy look good, to make this administration look good when, in fact, its a total disaster.
 On gift taking,Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what (Tim) Kaine took.
 Im not one for name calling.
 As usual, Hillary the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games.
 We have a fire marshal that said, Oh we cant allow more people ... And the reason they wont let them in is because they dont know what the hell theyre doing.
 Says, regarding the presence of classified information in her email, FBI Director James Comey said my answers were truthful, and what Ive said is consistent with what I have told the American people.
 Says Hillary Clinton wrote,I believe the primary role of the state is to teach, train and raise children. Parents have a secondary role.
 Says the U.S. election system is rigged.
 Nobody covered the remarks of Patricia Smith, the mother of a Benghazi victim, live, but almost everybody covered KhizrKhans, Mr. Khans remarks live.
 Im beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot.
 It was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that changed the rules of engagement that probably cost (Capt. Humayun Khans) life.
 Hillary Clinton says she wants to, raise taxes on the middle class.
 In the 2012 election, there were more votes cast than registered voters in St. Lucie County, and Palm Beach County had 141 percent turnout.
 That 59 divisions in Philly had no votes for Romney in 2012 is (a) mathematical and statistical impossibility.
 Says Barack Obama founded ISIS. I would say the co-founder would be crooked Hillary Clinton.
 Says there was a NATO base in Turkey being under attack by terrorists.
 Says there were multiple instances of voter fraud in Wood County, Ohio.
 I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
 And while (Ted) Strickland proposed cuts for services for children, he wasted over $250,000 remodeling his bathrooms at the governors mansion.
 Says President Barack Obama has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation, while Congress has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history.
 Says Donald Trumps Make America Great Again caps are made in China.
 Inner-city crime is reaching record levels.
 The number of illegal immigrants could be 3 million. It could be 30 million.
 Says Hillary Clinton has not answered a single question about her immigration plan.
 My opponent has no child care plan.
 Says Hillary Clinton had an undercover nurse with her at the Sept. 11 memorial ceremony in New York.
 I finished the controversyabout wherePresident Barack Obama was born.
 Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape theyve ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever.
 Donald Trumps education plan to dramatically slash funding for public education would fire 49,000 Texas teachers.
 Lindsay Parkhurst wants to take away programs like Social Security and Medicare that seniors have earned throughout their lifetimes.
 Two years ago, the longest serving leader of the California republic, Jerry Brown, boldly declared in China that California is a separate nation.
 Say photographs of Hillary Clinton at the debate show what could be an earpiece.
 Says Democratic challenger for his N.C. House seat raised taxes on clothing, school supplies even baby diapers!
 Tens of thousands of fraudulent Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse.
 Says 11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land in the United States bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument.
 Says a tweet he sent out wasnt saying, check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at the background of Alicia Machado.
 We dont have any chess grandmasters in the United States.
 Back in the Great Recession, when millions of jobs across America hung in the balance, Donald Trump said rescuing the auto industry didnt really matter very much. He said, and I quote again, Let it go.
 Says he won the second debate with Hillary Clinton in a landslide in every poll.
 When Rachel Zenzinger was on the Arvada City Council, she voted to spend taxpayer funds for a junket to China.
 Recently though, the media has reported on thousands of illegal voters here in the commonwealth.
 Creflo Dollar has endorsed Republican Donald Trump for president.
 Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day.
 Not even Tim Kaine is willing to say he trusts Hillary Clinton.
 Its possible that non-citizen voters were responsible for Obamas 2008 victory in North Carolina.
 When Hillary Clinton ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen they dont know.
 Wikileaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique.
 Says Hillary Clinton shows up in Broward County and had a private meeting with elections supervisor Brenda Snipes.
 One of George Soros companies has provided some of the (voting) machines for some states.
 Says Hillary Clinton wants to let people just pour in. You could have 650 million people pour in and we do nothing about it. Think of it. Thats what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week.
 The Democrats are very sly. (in New Hampshire) we have same day voter registration, and to be honest, when Massachusetts elections are not very close, theyre busing them in all over the place.
 FBI confirms evidence of huge underground Clinton sex network.
 Says that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama spent so much time screaming at a protester, and frankly it was a disgrace.
 Says thousands at a Manhattan rally for Donald Trump were chanting We hate Muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back.
 Margaret Sanger wanted a black Christian leader to be like a Judas goat and lead the blacks to genocide. Remember that? And they picked Martin Luther King as their spokesman.
 Harambe received 15,000 votes in the presidential election.
 Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trumps Rally.
 Final election 2016 numbers: Trump won the popular vote.
 Says Denzel Washington supports Donald Trump and speaks out against Barack Obama.
 A picture shows former President Bill Clinton naked with another woman.
 Lady Gaga announced she would cover her face until Trump gets fired from office.
 Wisconsin uses voting machines that are outlawed, they are illegal.
 There was serious voter fraud in California.
 Says he won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.
 There was serious voter fraud in New Hampshire.
 There was serious voter fraud in Virginia.
 Alison Alter got an F in attendance in 2016 as an Austin parks board member and was removed by a unanimous vote of the Austin City Council.
 Wisconsin has only one county, Dane, thats hand counting the votes in the 2016 presidential recount."
