Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs, will be made to benefit American workers and American families. We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs. Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.I have a few minutes before the beginning of the afternoon, so let's go! I prefer to warn you, as soon as I start writing, I'm not stopped! I don't know exactly what the last news we sent you was, so I'll give you a quick summary of the last few months. I was in internship in the field of data analysis in sport from February to September in Paris, and I am since September back in Lausanne to finish my master's degree, finally! Paris was splendid! Nadège every day, good restaurants, concerts everywhere, the dream!
Since September, I have resumed my studies, and it is not so easy, I have a lot of work and we are separated the week with Nadège but we see each other very often on the weekends! That's one of the reasons why we didn't go to the Cat Empire concert yesterday at Le Bataclan, I wasn't in Paris unfortunately. But right now, we're doing a lot of gigs. On Friday, we went to see Jungle in Lausanne (go see them asap, dancing all time), on Sunday, we will see Louis Cole in Paris (crazy guy, check his session videos on youtube), and next Friday it is your compatriots, Parcels! Australians are definitely really good at making good music! I'm still listening to ABC radios, I love it! If you use Spotify, I would be very happy to share a playlist with you, or to have some new artists to listen to.
Otherwise, we do a lot of climbing with Nadège, a little bit of running and we started our paragliding training! Nadège organized a surprise for my birthday, it was my dream to learn paragliding, so she and my friends offered me the “initial training”! Since then, we have flown three times alone (but guided by walkie-talkies) in the Alps, it's an incredible feeling! We hope to be autonomous on a few sites by the end of the summer, fingers crossed! I'll give you some pictures of our latest outings! During the summer, we worked but we went to the South of France to Marseille and also to Denmark where Nadège had a training!